[singing] Shall I play for you? Pa rum pump um pum [Imitates heavy drumming] I have no gifts for you. Pa rum pump um pum [Imitates heavy drumming]Whassup!Whassup.What?Just clearing my desk. I can't concentrate.It's overlapping. It's all spilling over the edge. One word, two syllables. Demarcation.You can't do that.Safety violation. I could fall and pierce an organ.Downsizing?Downsizing? I have no problem with that. I have been recommending downsizing since I first got here. I even brought it up in my interview. I say, bring it on.I'm Assistant Regional Manager. I should know first.OK, um, can you just tell me please? Just tell me quietly. Can you whisper it in my ear?Please, OK? Do you want me to tell 'em?OK. You tell 'em. With my permission. Permission granted.Go ahead.On his mother's grave.Pam, information is power.Dwight Schrute, Assistant Regional Manager.Uh... yeah I got a '78 280Z. Bought it for $1,200. Fixed it up. It's now worth three grand.New engine, new suspension, I got a respray. I've got some photos.Damn it! Jim!He put my stuff in Jell-O again.That's real professional thanks. That's the third time and it wasn't funny the first two times either Jim.It's OK here, but people sometimes take advantage because it's so relaxed. I'm a volunteer Sheriff's Deputy on the weekends. And you cannot screw around there. That's sort of one of the rules.That is my stapler.OK you know what, you can be a witness. [points to Ryan] Can you reprimand him?It's always you. Are you going to discipline him or not?Yeah.OK, that's great. I guess what I'm most concerned with is damage to company property. That's all.Dwight Schrute. My father's name, also Dwight Schrute. My grandfather's name, Dweide Schrude, Amish. That's my family. I don't know where they came, the Amish, came from originally. Uh, Amland.People respond to the human touch and that's what I give them. I can look at a client and I can say, 'Hello, how are you? How's business been going?' And we can go back and forth for sometime and uh, then I'll say, How much, how many reams do you want?' And they'll order it and then I'll take care of all the sales. I'll make sure that they get that paper. And they appreciate that.That's fine.I'm sorry it makes me nervous.I understand. It's in a blind spot because I'm trained in several martial arts and one of them, uh, includes, uh, an awareness that the masters bring, uh, of anything on all sides of you. It could be behind you or whatever. This is directly in a blind spot, so I'm trained to respond negatively to something right above my head. [new take] This now I have an eye on. You see, it's on my periphery and if I needed to block it, attack it, stop it somehow. [does a martial arts move with his hands] I could come right out. I mean, I know you're doing your job, but... Documentary Crew Member: [talking over Dwight] It's...I'm doing my job.Yes I do. I should have done it weeks ago actually.Retaliation. Tit for tit.Well, it should be.I have two. White and Indian.A few of the ground rules?OK, can we steer away from gay people?I'm sorry. It's an orientation. It's not a race. Plus a lot of other races are intolerant of gays, so...paradox.I figured it would save time.Excuse me, I'm sorry, but that's not all it takes to be a hero.A hero kills people, people that wish him harm.A hero is part-human and part-supernatural. A hero is born out of a childhood trauma, or out of a disaster that must be avenged.We all have a hero in our heart.Lots of cultures eat rice, doesn't help me.Um... Shalom. I'd like to apply for a loan.OK, do me. Something stereotypical so I can get it really quick.Outback steakhouse. [Australian accent] I'm Australian, mate!Oh, man, am I a woman?I am a salesman, okay. And I don't think we should be doing this during prime sales hours. If you can prove to me that diversity is going to help my sales, I'll go elephant running with James Earl Jones. I really will, but not on spec.What you doing?Solitaire is a one-player game. It can't have two players.What's your win rate?You're not allowed to play two-player. You need to start over.Dunder Mifflin, Michael Scott, Diversity Tomorrow, take four. And action.Diversity Tomorrow, take five. Action.Take six.Action.And action... Lights, camera, action. Whenever you're ready.Cut.Oh, man, am I a woman?God!It's not fair.Thank you. Thank you very much.Good. [clears throat] So, am I a hunter gather culture?Do I live near a harbor or an ocean?No, I'm an inland. Am I a mountainous?Am I nomadic?Okay, okay, okay, okay. I think I got this. Um, I am treated in a foreign way with a great deal of prejudice. Am I one of those tribes in Africa? The piggies, or whatever?No. But I am, I am human, right? [Pam hesitates][Dwight's new race is 'Dwight'] I could be French.[takes his 'Dwight' race off his forehead] Damn it, Jim! That's not funny, Jim!Yes. I can do it. I'm your man.OK, first, let's go over some parameters. How many people can I fire?OK, we'll table that for the time being. Two, I'll need an office. I think the conference room should be fine.[to self] Yes, I have an office. [to camera] Bigger than his.OK, I take it back, it's a workspace.Thank you.What did I do? I did my job. I slashed benefits to the bone. I saved this company money. Was I too harsh? Maybe. I don't believe in coddling people.In the wild, there is no health care. In the wild, health care is, 'Ow, I hurt my leg. I can't run. A lion eats me and I'm dead.' Well, I'm not dead. I'm the lion. You're dead.Uh, knock, please. Please knock. This is an office.Same thing.Just knock, Please? As a sign of respect for your superior.Oh gee, then why do I have an office?Yes. And my decision in final.Aww, times are tough, Pam. Deal with it.Sure.Don't need it. Never been sick. Perfect immune system.I don't need them. Superior genes. I'm a Schrute. And superior brain power. Through concentration, I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will.So I can lower it.It's a great plan. It saves the company a fortune.Yeah, you said...I can handle that.OK, everyone. Gather round. Step forward. It has been brought to my attention that some of you are unhappy with my plan. So what I'd like you to do is to fill this out and write down any diseases you have that you might want covered and I'll see what I can do.OK, well, I didn't say to write your name down, did I? Fill it out, leave it anonymous. Or, don't write any disease down at all and it won't be covered. Sound fair? Good. I'll be in my office.Damnit! Damnit Jim!All right, who did this? I'm not mad. I just want to know who did it so I can punish them.Uh, someone forged, uh, medical information and that is a felony.Uh, leprosy? Flesh eating bacteria. Hot-dog fingers. Government-created killer nanorobot infection.You did this, didn't you?Yes you did.I know it was you. Fine. You know what? I'll have to interview each and every one of you until the perpetrator makes him or herself known. And until that time, there will be no health care coverage for any one!The problem, Jim, is that people who are really suffering from a medical condition won't receive the care they need, because someone in this office is coming up with all this ridiculous stuff. [reads off of paper] 'Count Choculitis'Why did you write that down Jim? Is it because you know I love Count Chocula?I think you need to confess......the fact...What are you doing? Those are my keys.Jim! Damnit! No! Jim! Let me out! Jim! Let... [Without looking, Jim throws his keys to his left, they land on a shelf next to Stanley]Let me out.Let me out or you're fired.Yes I can. I'm manager for the day. Clean out your desk.Jim! Open the door!Jim!Jim!Jim!Jim!Uh, hello. Uh, this is Dwight Schrute calling for Jan Levenson-Gould.Hi. Dwight Schrute calling, acting manager, Scranton branch. Listen, I needed your permission to fire Jim Halpert.Dwight Schrute.Well...He is not here right now. He put me in charge of the office.That's not entirely true, because he put me in charge of picking the health care plan.Yeah.Call you immediately. Good. Oh, hey, listen, um, since I have you on the phone, um, can I fire Jim?Oh, this is your cell, I thought this was your... [dial tone]Michael. Michael?I tried being rational, OK? And what happened? The employees went crazy, I got no help from corporate. That leaves me with no options.I'm now going to read out loud your submitted medical conditions. When you hear yours read, please raise your hand to indicate that it is real. If you do not raise your hand, it will not be covered.You know what? You have forfeited that privilege. I have tried to treat you all as adults, but obviously I am the only adult here. Number one, inverted penis.I thought your vagina was removed during your hysterectomy?OK, great. Dermatitis. Thank you Angela. I'll make sure that's covered. OK, now. Who wrote this, hysterical one? Anal fissures?Yeah, but no one here has it.I most certainly did not.Oh, um... Jan wants you to call her.[heated discussion in the 'Dwight Schrute Workspace', door opens] I did not dismiss you.You came into my office voluntarily.Well, maybe they won't get slashed if you answer all my questions.You know when ever a worker is promoted above their peers there's always going to be a little bit of jealousy. Uh, it's natural. And that's going to lead to goofing off and that's okay that's fine. As long as they are willing to suffer the consequences.Psssh, no.Yeah. Well, have you ever seen the movie Unbreakable? 'Cause that guy couldn't get sick, just like me.Unlikely.100%.I don't think so, no.Wrong. [walks away] Thank you Jim. Kevin. Stanley. [whispering] Pam, Jim, Kevin, Stanley. Pam, Jim, Kevin, Stanley. You finished?That was... unauthorized.Why do you want health care, Pam? Hmm? Why do you want it?Why don't you just go ahead and use Roy's health care plan, huh?But you're engaged. Aren't you and maybe you've set a date for the wedding, hmm? And because you know you're going to get married you don't have to take our health care plan seriously.You really expect me to believe you haven't set a date? I think you have. Sure Pam, sure. But you know what, you've been engaged for three years and I know you've set a date. And you know what else, I know you've got coverage under Roy and I know that you wrote down those fake diseases. Admit it. Admit it, Pam.You wrote down... I didn't give you permission to.. I didn't...You're doing the right thing. Go ahead. What 's your confession?Let it out.Okay. You wanna do this the hard way. We'll do this the hard way. You wrote down those fake diseases didn't you?I know you did.Well, because I want to know who wrote those diseases down.You want you to take this pen and this piece of paper and write this down. Write this down.I, Jim Halpert......confess to health care fraud.One word.Oh, um... Jan wants you to call her.Michael!?I wanted to talk to you about the downsizing?I, but if there were, I'd be protected as assistant regional manager?Yeah, so I don't have to worry?Bottom line. Do I need to be worried?It's a real shame, 'cause studies have shown that more information gets passed through water-cooler gossip than through official memos. Which puts me at a disadvantage, because I bring my own water to work.I didn't do it. What do you mean? Oh, the water cooler was brought over here for... maintenance. So what do you guys hear? What's the scuttlebutt?Hey, so listen, I was thinking that it might be a good idea if you and I formed an alliance. 'Cause of the downsizing? I think an alliance might be a good idea, you know. Help each other out.Do you want to form, an alliance, with me?Good, good. Excellent, OK. Now we need to figure out who's vulnerable and who's protected...Did you get your tickets?The gun show. [Rolls up his sleeve and kisses his bicep]There's one other thing and this is important. Let's keep this alliance totally a secret. Don't tell anyone.Jim! Hey. Hi, Pam. Listen, could I talk to you a second about the... paper products?Did you tell Pam about the alliance?Just now.Right, that's good, good, pursue this.Mmm hmm.Done.They seem awfully chummy, don't you think?Only one way to find out.What? I believe it.I could tell, from the body language.Good, let 'em. It helps our cause.Oh, they're forming an allianceDamn it. God!God... Damn it! Why us?Jackpot.Hey, you wanted to see me?I don't think she'd be missed.Name, Meredith Palmer. Uh, personal information, divorced twice, two kids. Uh, Employer, Dunder Mifflin Paper Incorporated. Awards, multiple Dundies.She had a hysterectomy.That's where they remove the uterus.It could be kind of funny.Oh my God, we have to be there.No no, yes there is. Behind the shelves. Oh my God.I know. I know exactly what to do.I'm a deer hunter. I go all the time with my dad. One thing about deer, they have very good vision. One thing about me, I am better at hiding than they are... at vision.This is going to be perfect, OK? Centrally located. Perfect cover. I can hear and see everything.So tape it down.Look, I can breathe just fine. OK, but if it makes you feel better, I'll poke holes in the box.No, you need to go upstairs to the party so people don't notice we're both gone.Can I trust Jim? I don't know. Do I have a choice? No, frankly, I don't. Will I trust Jim? Yes. Should I trust Jim? You tell me.[box falls over] Oh.I have absolutely no idea.Do I feel bad about betraying Jim? Not at all. That's the game. Convince him we're in an alliance, get some information, throw him to the wolves.[With blonde hair] That's politics baby. Get what you can out of someone, then crush them. I think Jim might have learned a very valuable lesson.Good, excellent, and file sharing off and done. Security software, 128-bit encryption, firewalls. Get up, I'll install it on your computer.Pssh, stupid. Identity theft happens all the time. I can become you like that. [snaps fingers] But no one can become me.Not true. And if they did, they couldn't because I'm password protected.No. [typing on keyboard]No. [typing on keyboard][throwing away a banana, mayonnaise, and a sandwich from the refrigerator, smells the mayonnaise] God. [drinks from the milk carton and puts it back] Mmm.It was rotting.Any employee may dispose a food item......that risks contaminating the other food item. Read the official kitchen regulations memo.Uh, uh, not my problem. Okay, this is a paper factory not a bacteria factory.Uh, if they don't bobble, what's the point?God... Damn it! Why us?[talking over Jim] Okay.I'll stay for ten.Hey.You wanted to see me?I don't think she'd be missed.Name, Meredith Palmer. Uh, personal information, divorced twice, two kids. Uh, Employer, Dunder Mifflin Paper Incorporated. Awards, multiple Dundies.She had a hysterectomy.That's where they remove the uterus.It could be kind of funny.Mmm-hmm.Okay. Hey Meredith, where's your uterus?If I find a joke for you, will you grant me immunity? [cut to Jim holding his hands up like a champion]From the downsizing.I'm only going to ask you this once. Are you part of an alliance?Well played.Michael!Michael, can I talk to you, please? Privately? In your office? I think I should be on the team.Oh, please.I apologized for that.Michael, I...I can handle that.And that's why you have an assistant regional manager.[to camera] Same thing.It's close.So we need someone to work this Saturday and I think that, that should be...Jim.Gimli.Just trying to be helpful.Michael, look. [Dwight throws paper at the garbage can]Yes!Can I be team captain?Can I be team manager?Assistant team manager?OK, we'll see who's working this weekend then.[taking off his shirt] OK, we'll be skins!What? Shirts on or off?You sure?De-fense! [clap, clap] [Michael joins in] De-fense! [clap clap][scores] Yeah! [points to Madge] In your face![scores] Yes!Here, give me that. You have to break the interior bag. [bag explodes]Michael, could I talk to you for a second, please?In your office? [in Michael's office] You know that is why you have an assistant regional manager.[to camera] Same thing.It's close.What?What look?Please, have a seat. [Kevin sits down] Okay, why not?Marching or garage?I tell you what. You give me a tape of your band and a tape of the Steve Miller Band and I'll get back to you. That is all.[eating Tootsie Rolls from Angela's candy on her desk] Mmm. Good. Mmm.Would you like to have a vacation this year? That's what I thought. [continues eating Tootsie Rolls] Mmm, delicious.Jim, you're the new schedule guy, huh?Yeah, I hear that. You know what? This little baby might come in handy.On one condition. You...Oh, no it's not. Okay, check it out.No, you're not because I spent hours on it.Okay, I will. Okay, fine. You'll be back.Isn't that crazy? I'm a Volunteer Sheriff's Deputy. Lackawanna County says that it's okay for me to perform CPR, but for Michael my lips aren't qualified enough for his perfect little face. It's nuts.[wearing a face guard] I've almost had my nose broken a dozen times.Yes!Sex.Torture.Cocks in the henhouse.So am I.Doesn't matter.The purse girl hits everything on my checklist. Creamy skin. Straight teeth. Curly hair. Amazing breasts. Not for me, for my children. The Schrutes produce very thirsty babies.Hmmm... she's been talking to Michael a lot.Assistant to the Regional Manager.That's true.True. Plus I can talk to her about the origins of my last name.What's that?I don't want a purse. Purses are for girls.No.Like those?Okay, I'm just going to use the bathroom, and then I'm going...It's actually better this way.Michael could I ask you something? I wanted to ask your permission to ask out Katy. I know it's against the rules and everything. Because...Thank you, Michael. I appreciate this so much.What?Is that all it is? Just a ride home? Like a taxicab?Please. Please, I am your inferior and I'm asking you this favor. Can you promise me that it will just be a ride home?You cannot promise me, or you won't promise me?Do you love her?Hey, how's it going?  Good. Can I talk to you for a second? In private?It will just take a second.Just for a minute.Please? I wanted to talk to you in private because I wanted to ask you out on a date.Ok was that no to talking to me in private, or was that no to the date?The perfect girl for me would be Konikotaka. She has the most amazing story. She was orphaned at age 10 when both her parents were assassinated, and she was taken in by a wealthy, but very cruel, businessman. So she practiced aikido in secret for years until she could avenge the death of her parents. She's also a survivor of monster rape.This is really well made. Good stitching. Excellent fabric. [shakes the purse from side to side by it's handle] You sell a lot of these?I knew it. Is it waterproof?Snakes are waterproof. So, I'm betting that it's waterproof. Do you know the difference between a snake and an eel?Cause I could look it up real easily.My belt's made out of alligator. Check it out. [lifts shirt]I was just showing her my belt.I....Not all the time.I think it did.Seriously?What else?It's a mini-briefcase.It's in my purse.Let me describe the perfect date. I take her out to a nice dinner. She looks amazing. Some guy tries to hit on her. Uh, now he wants to fight. So I grab him. I throw him into a jukebox. Then the other ninja's got a knife. He comes at me. We grapple. I turn his knife on him. Blood on the dance floor. She's scared now, I take her home. I'm holding her in my arms. I reach in for a kiss. I hear something in the leaves. I flip her around. She gets a poison arrow right in her back. She was in on it the whole time. But, I knew.Hi, here you can have this. [Dwight gives Kelly his purse] It's a mini-briefcase, but you can use it as a purse.Mine are at home in a display case above my bed.So, what's the joke? You're not perfect either.So who are we laughing at?Who? Dave Barry?What is it? Who wrote it?That is defacement of company property. So you better tell me. Kelly, if you tell me, you'll be punished less.No, no, no, no......no, no, no, no, it's not what you think.No, why were you in there?!What were you doing in there?I am not.Excuse me, everyone, could I have your attention please. I just wanted to say that the women in this office are terrible. Especially the ones who wrote that stuff about Michael on the bathroom wall. Having a bathroom is a privilege. It is called a ladies room for a reason. And if you cannot behave like ladies, well then you are not going to have a bathroom.We are going to have two men's rooms.Be prepared to hold folks [Michael comes out of his office] From 9 am to...Nnnnno, there needs to be repercussions......for people's behavior.And it's-[with a small fist pump] Yes![clapping] Best Dundies ever.Welcome to the eighth annual Dundies awards.Before we get started, a few announcements. Keep your acceptance speeches short, I have wrap it up music, and I'm not afraid to use it. [points] Devon!The waitress tripped on the cord.Really? We don't have any girls from HR.Yeah?Yeah!Like an AIDS test?Quick, quick, the woman is having a seizure. Grab her tongue, grab her tongue! It's okay, I'm a sheriff's deputy.Don't get into that now. We need something to cushion her head. Throw pillow? A cush-It's okay, I'm going to use my shirt.[struggling] Ahh! I can't-Watch your step.Thanks, I had to, uh, check her pupils to make sure there wasn't a concussion.[scoffs] Like a gaggle of geese... [jibbering mockingly]Michael, I need to talk to you.I just thought that you might like to know that someone has written something about you on the ladies' room wall.Uh, no, no. No, I think something bad, maybe.Michael.Michael.By any means necessary?It's the ladies' room.It hasn't always been easy being a whistleblower. When I was in school, the kids would call me a tattle-tale or a snitch or a worm. So I really identify with those women from Enron. I wrote them letters to tell them how much they inspired me, but they never wrote back. I guess they're all married.Angela, it's simple. Just tell me what the bathroom wall says.I'm not asking what you do in there. I just want to know what's written about Michael.Okay, I'll talk. You nod if I get it right. Does it have to do with his butt or his wiener?No, no, no.It's not what you think.I'm on official business.This is Dunder Mifflin...No. Phyllis, you're not...Phyllis, no. No.Phyllis, no, no. Do not listen to her. She's out of her mind.That is not true.That's totally unfair. I was just in the ladies' room in order to spy.What do you think, Phyllis? You think I followed you in there? Like, 'Oh good. Phyllis is going to the bathroom, so maybe I get to see her naked from the waist down.' I'm not even attracted to you.All right, let's wrap it up. Come on, we're late. The Dundies are starting very soon. Accounting, let's go, let's go. Okay, I gave you fair warning. [turns off their computers] Out. Who's next, customer service? Meredith, let's roll.Yeah, you know me.The Dundies!You know me.Yeah, you know me.Excuse me, Goldschlager, extra flakes.No, no. No margarita. Hot sake.Fosters in the big can.Just a chocolate shake, chocolate sprinkles.Okay. No, no, no, no, no. Lie still, lie still.Jim, not now! We need to cushion her head. Lie still. Please, Pam. Do not move.I'm sorry.Jim, don't interfere.Can you give me a second, sir.I am a Sheriff's Deputy.I could have my men in here in a second and have you arrested.Pam, are you all right?How many fingers am I holding up?All right. Are you okay?I will. I will. You need to calm down.So the monkey does the sex thing right here! [monkey noises in background]Do you want the link because then you could forward it around?Consider it?Yes!Yeah, Meredith.Yes.Hey, Toby.You said that we could come to you if we had any questions.Where is the clitoris? On a website, it said at the crest of the labia. What does that mean? What does the female vagina look like?Good. Good. And...Okay.Wait, Jim, no! Don't drink directly from the can. Okay, I'm serious. It's all over the Internet. They use the same shipping company as a rat poison, and it gets on the can. [Jim takes a drink] Well, you're an idiot.Diversifying. Smart.And it worked. They should bring the stocks back. People'd obey the law, there'd be less troublemakers.You should go.Uh huh.You have your lawyer there?Can I be your representative?I think I should be there.I'm good. I can make sure things are up to code.Please, I'm always the guy you rely on at work.So you're taking a personal day?Please, I'll make you proud.Yes! As your representative?Same thing.I have been Michael's #2 guy for about 5 years. And we make a great team. We're like one of those classic famous teams. He's like Mozart, and I'm like Mozart's friend. No. I'm like Butch Cassidy, and Michael is like Mozart. You try and hurt Mozart; you're going to get a bullet in your head courtesy of Butch Cassidy.What kind of shocks you got on this baby?[tries to open sun roof] I want to put the top down.But then no one can see us.Check it out. [points at sunglasses] Terminator.Which one's yours?This is smaller than your old place.Actually, I do own property. My grandfather left me a 60 acre working beet farm. I run it with my cousin, Mose. We sell beets to local stores and restaurants. It's a nice little farm. Sometimes teenagers use it for sex.Actually, no. We have a couple of questions, about the neighborhood.Let's go check out the master bedroom.Oh. Terrible idea.No, no, no, no, no. This is a shared wall. Neighbor throws his wife into the wall, plasma screen hits the floor. Totally smashed.Warrantees don't cover it, plus they're a rip-off.Shh Shh.Listen. [puts ear to wall] Can you hear that? Oh man. These babies are thin.What kind of mortgage did you get?Ho, thirty years.Wow, you'll be paying this off in your mid-seventies.Forget about retiring when you're 65. Hey, I've got an idea. You know that extra bedroom? If the whole girlfriend thing never happens, that's where the nurse can live.Well, this is it.Hey, look! Cool. Carpenter ants.We'll be here waiting for you.A thirty year mortgage at Michael's age essentially means that he's buying a coffin. If I were buying my coffin, I would get one with thicker walls so you couldn't hear the other dead people.Totally having fun. Can you imagine those poor saps stuck at the office today? [laughs]You didn't have to...I don't even know what to say.Question. Where can I put my terrarium?It's a fish tank for snakes and lizards.Question. My grandparents left me a large number of armoires.Question. What about carpooling, who pays for the gas?Question. Can sometimes I drive your car and you drive mine?Just for fun?Question. Who is the primary on the fire insurance?Thank god. It was nice of him to offer, but I live in a nine bedroom farm house. I have my own crossbow range. It's a perfect situation for me. Although two bathrooms would have been nice, we just have the one. And it's under the porch.You know you can always refinance your mortgage. We had a 15 year on our beet farm.  We paid it off early.People love beets.Everybody loves beets.Let's get this roof going.Ow.What is going on?That's my stopwatch.Silver medal.What did you do to it?I'm serious. What did you do to it?Nice try. [on the phone] Cancel card. Cancel card. Cancel... card.What are the specs?[talking over Michael] Nice.[talking over Michael] Yes.[talking over Michael] God, what a steal.Does it have a deck?Have you seen it?Does it have a deck?It's time.That's it.Okay, so I called in a favor to my buddy at the police department.Same thing.Um, these are the crime statistics for the surrounding square mile over the past four years.Two charges of loitering,one noise complaint, several speeding tickets.Do you own a gun?I'd think about it.Hi, I am Dwight Schrute, Mr. Scott's associate.Him. I have got a couple of questions about the neighborhood. Have you had any problems with prostitution, crack dealing, gang violence, etcetera?Oh, boy. This whole condo's shifting. It's like this place was built on ancient Indian burial ground.Seal it off.Fill it full of cotton or soundproof insulation.Seal it off with drywall so you don't hear Yo-Yo Ma over there all the time.Kids? You don't even have a girlfriend.Well, that depends on how old she is. What if your girlfriend is 55?Just a possibility.If you fall in love with her.I smell mold.Living on a farm, your sense of smell gets very sharp. For example, there are beets in the condo two doors down that way. And someone over there, I believe, is a big fan of olives.[looking into his coffee mug] What the hell?Michael's in there right now evaluating the temp. He hasn't evaluated me in years.Michael and I have a very special connection. He's like Batman, I'm like Robin. He's like the Lone Ranger, and I'm like Tonto. And it's not like there was the Lone Ranger, and Tonto, and Bonto.[alarm sounds] People!This is not a test! Move to the exits!Head towards the exits.Get up off your desks!No, panic is warranted!This is not at drill!Please, move quickly! This is a paper company, people! Step lively!This whole place is a tinder box, it is ready to blow!This is not a test! Can you leave?!DO YOU WANT TO DIE?Do you want to die? OUT!!STANLEY! Have you ever seen a burn victim?Move to the exits!We've got smoke! We've got smoke! Smoke! Gah! [Spots Kelly] Oh, Kelly! You're okay! I've got you!Cover your nose and mouth. Breathe through your nose.Breathe through your nose. Remove your stockings. Okay? They'll melt right into your flesh! Stay below the smoke line. Let's go! Clear out, stat! STAT MEANS NOW!Okay, guys, listen up, we need a head count. We need to count off. Michael's number one. Where is he? Where is he?Hey, Michael. Um... Ryan needs his number for the count off.NO!Okay, he can have 14. Marjory's not here today.Oh, you know what else? I thought of a nickname for the three of us. Three Musketeers.That's funny, too. But if we're the Three Musketeers...[to firemen] Hey guys, great response time. Listen up, I got some theories. Okay, there's a...Okay. Great, that's going to keep you warm for like 7 seconds. Question: is there fire wood on the island?Then I would bring an axe, no books.Fine. Physician's Desk Reference....hollowed out, inside: waterproof matches, iodine tablets, beet seeds, protein bars, NASA blanket, and, in case I get bored, Harry Potter and Sorcerer's Stone. No, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Question: did my shoes come off in the plane crash?Is this your car, Ryan?Good shocks.Do it.Keep an existing...Yeah, but look, I mean, he didn't need business school. Okay, Michael comes from the school of hard knocks.Self taught. You didn't even go to college.[scoffs] Come on. I'm studying with the master, huh?[to Ryan] You should learn from him, right?Right?Stupid!The Crow.Why didn't I go to business school?The temp.Yeah, it's all him and Michael talk about anymore.He doesn't even know that I do that.Oh yeah, Pam. Right. That's going to help things, just talk it out. I hope the war goes on forever and Ryan gets drafted.I'm sorry I said that, I didn't... just part of me meant it. Besides, he'd end up being a hero anyway.Oh Jim, I'm not going to quit. Then Ryan wins.Thanks you guys. I just need some alone time.Would that make you happy?If you had your cell phone, it would make you happy?I'm on it.[coughing][coughing] Everyone, okay? Uh, I have an announcement. Apparently, in business school, they don't teach you how to operate a toaster oven. Because some smart, sexy temp left his cheese pita on oven instead of timing it for the toaster thing.That's exactly what I said.Were you absent?You failed?I have a song. Attention, everyone! That I want to sing. That I wrote especially for this occasion when I was up there among the flames. Ready? [sings to Billy Joel's 'We Didn't Start the Fire'] Ryan started the fire! It was always burning since the world's been turning!Everybody![singing]  ... Marilyn Monroe!Eat it! You gotta eat it. You have to eat it!Answer me this, though.Was it worth it? Was it worth it temp?Really?The fire guy! The fire guy![sings] Joe McCarthy, Richard Nixon, Studebaker, television, North Korea, South Korea, Marilyn Monroe, Ryan started the fire!I'm Michael's number two. He's one, I'm two. He's Alpha, I'm Beta. He's A, I'm B. It's easy. Whatever Michael is, I'm one less.Oh, my God. Ryan is gonna love these.That is so cool.Plus you can go, 'Rule five, see rule six. Rule six, see rule five.'Kill or be killed.Shoot to kill, or kill to shoot.You could ask for an extension.I know Michael's every move. It's not something you can just pick up. I could write a book about him. Literally. I started once, but Michael made me stop.Hey, how's it going, man?Oh, nothing much. What's up with you?Good. Good, I'm good, too. How's it cracking?You know what you would love? Guns N' Roses. When I was your age, I loved Guns N' Roses. Do you like Guns N' Roses? I'll make you a tape.I'll make you two tapes.Someday, temp. I've got a couple of shirts that don't fit so well anymore. I'll bring them by. Okay, see you later.Michael and I have a very special connection, like an umbilical cord. And the thing is with Ryan is that I don't want him to trip on it, or get it caught around his neck.[eyeing Jim's costume] What is that?! What are you supposed to be?Yeah, well look... [pulls his hood over his head and pops up his light saber] What about me?I am a Sith Lord. [looks at Jim] Oh big deal. Three round pieces of paper taped to a shirt. This cost me 129 dollars.Wait, what are you again? Oh, right... Three-hole PUNCH! [punches Jim in the chest and cracks up laughing]Jim. Definitely.Phyllis.Stanley. Pam. Oscar. Meredith. Kevin. Angela.One of the warehouse guys.Who is he saying?No, Michael.No, not me.Not Dwight.I know that's what he said.Tell him, not Dwight.Tell him to stop.Quiet, you.Make him be quiet.Stanley, could you come with me, please.As Assistant Regional Manager...Look! I've got some bad news. You're fired. You need to pack up your things and go. [Stanley laughs.] I'm serious, Stanley. It's over.  I'm sorry.He wouldn't listen to meIf you want to fire him, you're going to have to tell him yourself.[whispering on the phone] Cumberland Mills?! And how did you get my resume? Oh no, no. I'm very flattered. Don't get me wrong. I'm just not sure that it's my official resume or if it's something that maybe a satisfied customer posted online. What does it say under martial arts training? Oh. Okay, I'm gonna have to supplement that. Could I have your fax number?Would I ever leave this company? Look, I'm all about loyalty. In fact, I feel like part of what I'm getting paid for here is my loyalty. But, if there were somewhere else that valued that loyalty more highly, I'm going wherever they value loyalty the most.[on the phone] So you got the fax? So why didn't you add it to the res... ? What do you mean? Of course martial arts training is relevant. Oh, excuse me! I know about a billion Asians that would beg to differ. Uh, yeah, I get a little frustrated when I'm dealing with incompetence. Well, you know what? You can go to hell, too. And I will see you there... burning. Fine! Okay... oh wait! So you'll let me know when you've made a decis... [stops and hangs up phone.]This is called leveraging an offer. [walks into Michael's office] Michael, can I talk to you for a moment?I just thought you should know that I was just offered a job with better pay, better benefits and a better title at Cumberland Mills.And I turned it down.Out of loyalty to this company...... so I was hoping to be made Assistant Regional Manager officially.But then you wouldn't have me here.It's in Maryland.I can't. I... I suppose I coul... no. They never really made me an offer anyway.You're supposed to be a cat?Pussy. Here, pussy. Pussy. Pussy. Here, pussy, pussy. Meow.I feel like I made the right choice. Things happen for a reason. I wasn't destined to go to Cumberland Mills. Just like Anakin Skywalker was destined to become Darth Vader, I am destined to sell paper here at Dunder Mifflin. That's what I was put on this earth to do.Where is my desk?This is not funny.  This is totally unprofessional.I didn't lose my desk.Okay, who moved my desk?Ok, I am going to tell Michael and this entire office will be punished![In bathroom, answers phone] Dwight Schrute.Jim, I've given you this information, like, twenty times.It's by the ream?...now, $9.78, signs and discounts 7%.Wash your hands, Kevin.[Also on the phone] Sensei, hello it's Sempai...Dwight...Yes, I just had a ques-... Yes Sensei. Arigatou gozaimashita. Hai.No, that was my Sensei.I am now Sempai, which is Assistant Sensei.Assistant Sensei.I am a practitioner of Goju Ru Karate, here in Scranton. My Sensei, Ira, recently promoted me to purple belt, and gave me the duties of a Sempai. Not that a lot of people here in America know what a Sempai is, but it is equally as respected as a Sensei.Impossible. The way they're programmed... You're mocking me.Look, I'm going to offer you a little piece of advice. I'm not afraid to make an example out of you.Ok, give that back to me.No. That is not a toy.Please?Arigatou. This is not a toy. This is a message to the entire office so they can see that I am capable of physically dominating them.No women or children, unless provoked.Warehouse guy. Doesn't count.Because we're friends.Argggg!What belt are they?No!Michael, I told you, it was because it was New Year's Eve and it began to snow at exactly midnight.Ok, I'll punch you.Kiyah!Did I want to harm Michael? The one man I've been hired to protect? No, I did not.I come from a long line of fighters. My maternal grandfather was the toughest guy I ever knew. World War II veteran. Killed 20 men then spent the rest of the war in an Allied Prison Camp. My father battled blood pressure and obesity all his life. Different kind of fight.[to Kevin, who he is teaching to fight] Take this pen and stab me with it.Good.Now watch, let me take you from behind.I didn't sucker punch you, Michael.In case you remember, I was defending my honor... like a samurai.Ok, fine. Tit for tit. Give it your best shot. Two punches. Go!No, I would block your first punch rendering it ineffective.Yeah.No, it's free during the day. It's fine.I've got the key.Yes, Sensei!Hiii! [kicks Michael]Yes!Eat it!Two more.No.It was my pants.No holding.No, stop it! Come on! Michael.No, Michael!I need to change my emergency contact information from Michael Scott.Just put 'The Hospital.' Contact number: just put 9-1-1. [Dwight leaves]I'm busy.Of course.Michael, I don't know...I can handle it. I can. Wow. So I guess this will just be my office.I'll have Pam send out a memo.Just a formality.Michael, I have so much to learn from you.Thank you, Sensei.[Dwight's pager goes off] Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. Hold on. Sorry, just one second.Okay, I just...It's a sales call.I can... Yes, sensei.Do I feel bad that I haven't bonded with the other students? No, I'm not there to make friends. I'm there to attack people.No problem.Unless he has a shiv, in which case it wouldn't be a fair fight.No women or children. Unless provoked.Warehouse guy. Doesn't count.You just said it. You just said it.Die. You just... You said it.Alyssa? I guess she's technically the senpai. But nobody really respects her. The only reason she got into regionals was because her competition was a bunch of 13-year-old girls. Put me in that division. Let's see how she does.For the record, let me just say, Michael Scott has no honor. If he lived in Japan, he would be an outcast. Well, that's not totally true, 'cause Asians worship chest hair. I had a friend, a hairy friend, who lived in Japan. He told me the women would line up to satisfy his every need. So, and he wasn't even that attractive.Good luck, Michael. Good luck, Jan.Ok, you guys should not be doing this.You took something that doesn't belong to you.Brought it in here-Made copies of it-Not now!Ok, what are they?Not in a thousand years, Catherine.  We work together.  And get off my desk!Yes, I have acted before.  I was in a production of 'Oklahoma' in the seventh grade.  I played the part of Mutey the Mailman.  They had too many kids, so they made up roles like that.  I was good.If it isn't my old partner, Samuel L. Chang.Thank you for noticing.  Now keep me company for one more mission. [Pam gets up to talk to Roy]Pow! Pow! Pow!Yes, perhaps I would, Goldenface.  Sam, get my luggage.Samuel, you are such an idiot, you are the worst assistant ever.  And you're disgusting, Dwigt. [out of character] Wait, who's Dwigt?D-W-I-G-H-T.Ok, you know what? I am done with this.  That's it, the end.Uh, you don't speak for everyone, Jim. Ok, announcement.  My uncle bought me some fireworks.  Anyone who wants to see a real show, come with me outside now.[waking up on office couch] Michael?  Michael? [goes into Michael's office]  Michael?  [looks out Michael's window] His car's not in the parking lot.  I should check the accident reports. [taxi pulls into Dunder-Mifflin parking lot] Who's this?  Jan?Did you do her?Jan Levinson-Gould.Did you do her?And she is your boss.A kick and a chop are two totally different things.It doesn't make any sense.[bouncing on an exercise ball] You should get one of these.Do you even know what this is?  It is a fitness orb and it has completely changed my life.  Forget everything you thought you knew about ab workouts.This ab workout is specifically designed to strengthen your core. [knocks things around Jim's desk] Sorry.Numerous health benefits, strengthens your back, better performance in sports, more enjoyable sex.Plus, improves your reflexes [knocks over more stuff] see, I would have caught that.It's only twenty-five bucks.Oh, hey, listen, Jim.  Here's a little tip for your performance review.Tell Michael that we should be stocking more of the double-tabbed manila file folders.Oh, yes, we do.Yeah, it's a new product.  So, you should just suggest that to him and he'll be sure to give you a raise.Uh, that is so stupid.  What if he gives it to you?Ugh, you know what?  I am going to zone you out for the rest of today.  I need to stay focused, and I don't have to see you tomorrow or Sunday and please don't call me, and we'll see how things go on Monday.  Uh, stupid.Uh, duh.Saturday.Who?  Who was it?  Who did he fire?No, I went out and got drunk with my laser tag team last night.  Crap!  I never go out on a Thursday night; what the hell was I thinking?What should we do to prepare for Y2K?It happens occasionally.Tom?Next suggestion.You need to do something about your B.O.You need-To do something about-Yeah, who wants to come in on a Saturday?Next suggestion.Don't sleep with your boss'? Do you think this is referring to you boning Jan?[loud metal music playing in a stairwell; Dwight pacing] You are giving me this raise!  I deserve this raise! [plays air guitar] Yes! [kicks] Yes! Yes! Hiya!  The least you can do is keep my salary consistent with inflation! Keeya eyah!  Yes!  Why are you gonna give me this raise?  Why?  Because... I'm awesome! I am awesome!Michael?I'm sorry, am I interrupting?  Oh God; were you guys making out?Great.I am ready for my performance review.Uh, wait, I would like to discuss my raise?That is an excellent question. Thank you for asking.  Let me bring up one word: dedication. [points to graphs] I have never been late.  Also, I have never missed a day due to illness. [Michael sighs] Even when I had walking pneumonia.  I even come in on holidays.I have a copy of your key.I'd also further like to talk about my merits in the workplace.For instance, the time I brought in deer jerky for the whole office.You liked it!Jan, have you ever had deer?It's a delicacy.  And you know what?  It's an aphrodisiac.  So when we're done here, you guys could go over to The Antler Lodge, sample some deer and talk about my raise.And in conclusion, I think that Lex Luthor said it best when he said 'Dad, you have no idea what I'm capable of'.Smallville.  And that is why, I feel, that I deserve this raise.[running through parking lot] I'm here! I'm here! I'm here! It's ok!You know what this is?No, you don't.This is a visual aid for my performance review. Budget is tight, and if anyone is getting a raise, it is gonna be a fight to the death. And I intend on winning that fight. 'Dwight: determined, worker, intense, good worker, hard worker, terrific. Dwight.'That's a total waste of your 'M.'Yeah.Yeah, magnificent worker, marvelous worker, more money for this worker. Man, I like this worker. Mighty worker.  That's good. That's good.Pushing on.Does it specify which windshield?This ought to be good.Oh, no, no. It's on the Miata.What does it say?[clapping] Come on. Let's get back to this.Next suggestion.Don't sleep with your boss.' Do you think this is referring to you boning Jan?There's one more suggestion.Way to go man, Jan's really hot.'Hey, temp.Look, we're twins.Bet you I got mine for less than yours.Getting a little something that calm the nerves?For the performance review. Oh, wait, you don't get one. You're a temp.You're lying.Why would Michael give you one before me?How did it go?[Wild Side playing] You are gonna give me this raise. Ya! Yes, you are. You are gonna give me this raise. Ya! Ya! The least you can do is keep my salary consistent with inflation, right? You are gonna give me this raise! Why? Because I'm awesome, awesome, yes! Yes! Yes! Thank you for your time, dude. Champ. My lord, mi amigo. Mi amor. Ha! Wild side! I am ready. [groans]Mi-Sorry.Ok, I'm sorry.  What is going on in there? Why is he here?  What are you doing?You have to tell me.Look, Michael, I know you don't want to have to think about this, but if something were to happen to you, God forbid, then I would need to know in order to take over.Yeah, but that doesn't matter, you could get a brain aneurysm-Or get hit by a car-Or a bus or a train. Get poisoned, fall in a well, step on a mine, choke.So it's true?  You have access to our e-mails?Oh hey, just so ya know, if you have a lot of sensitive e-mails, they need to be deleted immediately.Good. [Pam overhears]Nice.Does he have access to their medical records?I think one of the greatest things about modern America is the computerization of medical records.  As a volunteer sheriff, I can look up anyone's psychiatric records or surgical histories.  Yeast infections.  There are a huge number of yeast infections in this county.  Probably because we are down river from that old bread factory.Question: on the Internet there are several different options to get to your house for the party tonight-I was wondering-Why?Like who?  Who doesn't know?Why just Michael?Is it?Oh, that's perfect!I won't.Battlestar Galatica.I can't-Tonight.Unfortunately, I've got plans. I have to go to practice.  Soccer practice.Clarinet.Have fun tonight!  Whatever it is that you're doing, and I'll see you Monday. [to the camera]  He has no idea!Jim!  You really think this is a good idea, huh? A hide-a-key rock?You don't work with us.Thanks.  Yeah, I always keep an extra set in the car, for special occasions.  Jim, come here.When is the guest of honor coming?He's gonna love it!Surprise! [laughs]  Everybody!Where's your tie?What's going on, Michael.  Talk to me.Oh no! Jan!?  What's goin' on?The most important one of the guys.That's exactly the point.  You've hit a slump. It happens to the best of us.  You just have to remember, you know-Where you come from, and who you are.You know, you have worked so hard for this.  You are the boss; you can buy and sell us with just a snap of your little finger.Jim, this is hardly the time.And their king bee.Master bee.Queen bee.Go. Get the door.Go. Push!Push!Really shove it.Shove it through! Break it!I got a splinter.I've got it leveraged. Push. Straight up.One, two, three. [they push the tree up and it breaks through a ceiling tile.]You guys should use a hand truck.No.Michael, I would like to be the elf.[now wearing an elf hat and ears] Okay, everybody listen up! It is time to get your presents, wrap them, and place them under the tree like so. If you do not get your present wrapped and under the tree within the next five minutes you will be disqualified from Secret Santa. All right? No exceptions except Michael.Gather round. Secret Santa, let's go. Let's go. Come on. Stanley, no, I'm going to handle the cord. Okay, safety reasons.I want to do it.Hey, I could get some flares from my car.First present, Oscar.Okay. Okay. That's enough. Let's keep it moving on. Jim.Pam.All right, next. Ryan. [tosses present]Michael.We don't do anything until Michael gives us further instructions.Yes, now you can steal the oven mitt, the old shirt or the shower radio or pick a new gift.Angela, you're up.Okay, moving along. Meredith, let's go.It's already been stolen this round. Pick something else.You and me, Michael. Yes!I never said it was better than an iPod.Michael keeps bragging about his iPod, but you know what? Two paintball lessons with someone as experienced as I am is worth easily, like, 2 grand.[shooting paintball gun at target] Take that, Saddam!Pam, steal something or pick the final gift.Yes! There you go. I want the teapot. Gracias.Yankee Swap is like Machiavelli meets ... Christmas.No trades.A real man makes his own luck.' Billy Zane.No. I want it. I'm going to use it.True. But I get sinus infections, and sinus infections can be cured by making your tea from green tea leaf stems .... and pouring it directly into your nose, like so. [demonstrates]This is so awesome.Thank you.Oh, hello there. [Kelly leans up and kisses him] But what are you doing?You shouldn't do things like that. The man is supposed to do that.Yes.Okay. Christmas lights? Good. Tinsel? Good. Star? Good.Question, Pam. Is Roy coming to the party?Okay, well, you didn't tell me that. Now, he will not be allowed in unless we register him on this list.Do I look like I'm kidding? [Pam shakes her head 'no'] Phyllis, stag, I assume.Really?Everyone, please remain calm until we receive further instructions.Absolutely... not.What separates humans from jungle beasts? The fact that we have rules. When humans give each other gifts, they do it properly and orderly. When bears give each other gifts they just rip open a fox carcass and present it to their mate. I prefer the human way.I do enjoy a drink now and again, but tonight, no. I am also an officer of the law and I'm unofficially on the clock. I need to stay sober and alert. Also, on a personal note, I'm not at my best when I drink.Hello. Jim?This is not funny. Why is my stuff in here?Yeah, well, I'm not paying for my own stuff, okay? I know you did this, because you're friends with the vending machine guy.Yeah, Steve, whatever his name is.No, no, no, no, no. That's my pencil cup.Uh, I think so, and you're going to hand it over to me.Okay, fine. Where's my wallet?But I don't have any...[putting quarters in] Five, ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty-five...Good morning, Michael.Aye aye, Captain.Cool.Limbo, whoo!Me! Me, me, me.I'm stronger.I was the youngest pilot in Pan Am history. When I was four, the pilot let me ride in the cockpit and fly the plane with him. And I was four. And I was great. And I would have landed it, but my dad wanted us to go back to our seats.[singing] What do you do with a drunken sailor? What do you do with a drunken sailor? What do you do with a drunken sailor early in the morning?I can't. Do you want us to run aground, woman?!Wow. You should be the motivational speaker.Yeah. He gives me real responsibility, Michael. Captain Jack delegates. He's let me steer the ship for the last hour.Seasick? Captain Jack says you should look at the Moon.Don't worry, Michael. I'm taking us to shore.Oh, oh, can I be the first mate?On the high seas, Captain Jack is the leader. On the land it's Michael. On the ramp up to the boat, I was a bit conflicted. But now that I'm here, I'll follow Captain Jack to hell and back.Hey, Captain Jack, what kind of fish they got in this lake?You know, my grandfather told me there was a monster here that eats Catholics. Have you heard...If the hull is breached for any reason or the boat is overtaken, I am a volunteer Sheriff's Deputy, and you can count on me.Okay, okay. My turn, my turn. Is this thing on? Uh, I want to congratulate the happy couple. You know, they say that marriage is an institution. And I say, who wants to be in an institution?[silence, Dwight enters the office] What is going on? What is going on?I'm coming Michael!I'm gonna save you!Hold on Michael! I am coming! Wait there!Your foot?[holding mini-fan]  It slipped.Sorry.Hey, Pam, I'm assistant regional manager, and I can take care of him. Part of my duties are to.What?No, I didn't.What is wrong withAw, man, is that a Prism Duro-Sport?Yeah, they're like an i-Pod only they're better 'cause they're chunkier and more solid.Oh, no no no.  Don't go there.  I know this Russian website where you can download songs for two cents a piece.Yeah, I'll write down the address for you.  Only, the only thing is, is that all the songs are in Russian. ... Kidding!Why would they all be...?  Ok, see you later, Pan.These covers are totally indestructible.Yeah. Throw it.  I promise it won't break.  Chuck it. [Pam throws her mp3 player]Oh no, it's broken.No, it's fine.  I told you it wouldn't break.  You could throw it all day long.Yep.Huh. Do you like candy?Cause you're sweeter than candy.[looking up at Creed] Dad?[hits his head on his desk]  Uh, ugh, ohhhh...I want Michael to take me...Choo choo choo choo choo choo...Vietnam sounds.Tired... [Jim grabs spray bottle from planter]Want to take a rake... .Ahh!Ok, Pam, thanks.You're the best.It smells like chicken soup.I have to go to the hospital.Where we going?I'll be back, I mean...Why?Aw, Pam, you're adorable [taps her nose][giggles]Oh, huggy hugs.Where are we going?Where are we going?I found it under the seat.I'm thirsty.No!I'm thirsty!No.You can't fire me, I don't work in this van!No. [takes a drink][drinks] Mmmmm...My eyes!My eyes!Danger.Hi Michael!Ahhh.  MweehaaWhat is that?That's what she said.I don't want to do this.Oh.Pssht.Constructing a home-made cast?  Genius.  Filled with foresight.  Like in the pioneer times, if you lost a leg, they would then use the bone of the leg for a cane.  They wasted nothing.Look, I feel fine.  As a volunteer sheriff's deputy I have been trained to notice all the signs of a concussion.  One of them is slurred speech, ok?  Number three, shortness of breath.  There are four things you have to remember.  One: I am faster than 80% of all snakes.  Also.Into a machine?!  Ok. Uh, that's bad, will you stay with me?Ok, will you please call my cousin Mose?Oh God.  Oh God.Oh God.Next to me?What's up-dog?Good. How are you doing?Empty mind.Meredith, men's room. Make sure you replace the urinal cakes.  They're worn down. Kevin file drawers. Angela kitchen. Oscar dusting. Where is Oscar?That's unacceptable.Michael.Oscar is out sick.Can I do some of the talking?Ok, let him know that I'm here.And Dwight.Ask him his symptoms. I'm on Web M.D.Checks out.Ok. First impressions?Which is exactly how you'd wanna sound like if you wanted someone to think you were sick.Question? May I investigate?Listen Temp. I am conducting a little investigation so I'm no longer going to be able to head up spring cleaning.  Do you think you can handle it?Do you[low] Oh God, here.Hey Oscar how ya doin'? Dwight Schrute calling.  Listen a little question for you, buddy.  I called six minutes ago and no one answered. So I was wondering if you could explain. Oh, I see, so. Sounds like you're too sick to come into work but your well enough to go to the pharmacy.There are several different ways to tell if a perp is lying. The liar will avoid direct eye contact. The liar will cover part of his or her face with his hands, especially the mouth.  The liar will perspire.  Unfortunately I spoke to Oscar on the phone so none of this is useful.Ok, what is going on here?Oh, really nothing? Fact: You are drinking grape soda. You never drink grape soda.  Fact: You are talking to Jim. You never talk to Jim.Ok. So what is the secret Michael?Is that true?Thank you Michael.  I know your telling the truth.I can tell. I won't let you down.Who took all the black ones?So, how did Oscar sound when he called in?Sniffling how?Three.Ok, good, thank you.  That wasn't so hard now was it?Quick Oscar update. I have conducted interviews with everyone in the office.Including prep time?As a volunteer Sheriff's Deputy I have been doing surveillance for years.  One time I suspected an ex-girlfriend of mine of cheating on me.  So I tailed her for six straight nights.  Turns out she was, with a couple of guys actually so... mystery solved.Stay low... This is it... There he is. He's been gone for at least two hours. Who is that? Come to Papa... Oh yes. Let's roll. I knew it! You are so busted. Ice skates, shopping bags? I think I know what's going on here. You weren't sick at all.This is Dwight Schrute. Who is this?How bout this. I don't tell Michael and in exchange you owe me one great big giant favor.  Redeemable by me at a time and place of my choosing.Guess what I found out about Oscar tonight? He was lying about being sick. Should I have reported Oscar's malfeasance. Hmm, probably, but now I know something he doesn't want me to know. So I can use his malfeasance to establish leverage.  Otherwise, it's just malfeasance for malfeasanceses-ses sake.And he's lining it up. Seems pretty straightforward from here. If Michael Scott sinks it, he'll win a Buick signed by Tiger Woods.He totally misses,Interception. He shoots, he scores, yeah! Michael, try it like this. This'll be much harder.Jack Nicholas.[golf ball rolls under bookcase] I got it. No problem. [clears throat]Oh, man, it's really back there.Yeah. I can barely...Should I clean out my desk?Don't be fooled by the phrase 'dust bunnies.' They are vicious little bitches and if they get inside your disc drive, God help you. They will bring your computer to its knees. They sit in corners hatching, defecating, laying eggs. And their sole purpose in life is to eat dead skin, which humans in this office shed by the boat load. Especially Creed.If they're the worker bees, you're the Queen bee.Queen's higher.Temp, shouldn't you be monitoring the progress of people's cleaning efforts?Yeah. Well, I'd hate to see it blow up in your face.Let's table that. So, temp... You seem to be pretty close to this Oscar.Getting defensive?You seem a little nervous. You shouldn't be.[coughing] It's still stinky.She probably scrubbed it[putting his feet on desk] Ha ha ha... the old bullpen.Okay.Yeah![agreeing] Mm.No way!And who had your office?That guy Miles who quit to form his own company?No!I thought he was out on the road.Ah.[whispering] Michael.What?Yeah! [laughing]Should we help 'em pick up their stuff?Okay.[on phone] Hello, am I the 107th caller? [hangs up, dials again] Hello, Rock 107.  Am I the 107th caller? [hangs up and dials again] Hell , Rock 107.  Am I the 107th caller? [hangs up and begins to dial again] I'm totally gonna win us that box set.Jethro Tull...I need to make a sales call.  Please?[on phone, whispering] Am I the 107th caller?Yeah!It is so on!Michael is gonna wipe the floor with us!But you're the one who picked today.I think this whole disaster on Michael's carpet happened for a good reason. Him sitting next to me is a huge gift. This girl I know would say that it was a gift from God, but I don't know about all that.[on the phone] Excellent, good, good. Well, our truck is going out first thing tomorrow morning. So...[on the phone] Good. No, I completely understand, times are a little tight right now. If it's alright with you though, I will just give you a call back next month. Great, thank you so much. Goodbye.What?You're the one who trained me, Michael.You most certainly did not.What can I do better?I'm not good at jokes.My cousin Mose told me a joke.Okay.I will.[on the phone] Yes, Howard Gruber, please.[on the phone] Howard, hello. Dwight Schrute. Dunder Mifflin. Yes, and you are my favorite client. Listen, I'm calling you to tell you a little joke. What is black and white and red and can't think? A nun who has a beet for a head. ... No, I'm Catholic, too.[on the phone] I understand.[on the phone] If I was offensive in any way, I...[on the phone] Humor works in...[on the phone] ...crazy ways. I'm going to pass you off to my supervisor. Hold on one second. [whispering] Howard Gruber. It's Howard Gruber.That's not true.[whispering] He's my best customer.But that's my sale. This is my sale, Michael!What Michael doesn't understand is that when I worked in the fast food industry I was actually commended by management for the three 'M's. McService, McCompetence and McPunctuality.Okay, look, I know what you're gonna say. That I'm not standing up for myself. But you know what? It's complicated and I really don't appreciate all the badgering.It's a terrible idea.Them in there all together. If they stay in there too long they're going to get on the same cycle. Wreak havoc on our plumbing.Yeah!We could do it in the warehouse.Remember on Lost when they met the Others?Okay. Let's go. Step up.Michael wants us to bond so we need topics for conversation.No.No.Yeah and then they make you drive them to Church the next morning. Like 'Gas ain't free!'Not literally.Word.Yeah. I got a spudgun in my car.Yeah. Shoot a chuck of potato at your face, 80 PSI, bon appetit!Guys! Check it out! Spudgun! Woohoo! Bon appetit! [Darryl's office window shatters] Sorry.There was this film that I saw when I was little. It was about a kid who goes on the most incredible adventure. And even though it was really great, and she had a great time, she ends up back home in Kansas and says, 'There's no place like home.' And that's how I feel right now. There is no place like home. What the hell was that movie called? [sighs] It's gonna drive me crazy.And you want me to come with you.I will stay here and run things on this end.Question. Will you be seeing Jan when you're in New York?Well... It's Valentine's Day, and you guys, you know...Screwed.What's this? What is this?Yeah, but who put it here? And for what purpose?[opens box and reads card] Happy Valentine's Day. [pulls out bobble head] It's me. I'm the bobble head. Yes! [Angela smirks in background] Ahh!Hello Angela. Did you hear, somebody rocked the house and got me the best present I've ever gotten.Oh I did. I did.Oh, I bet you will before the day is over.Pam. Hi, How ya doing? Good. Listen, uh may I speak with you... privately?No, Pam, Just. Just, [tilts head away, towards another room][same time as Pam] Girlfriend. Yes, and the reason I didn't get anything for this particular person - who shall remain nameless - is that she's not really the kind of person you'd think would be into Valentine's Day. She's kind of...(smirking) Exactly.You mean, like a ham?Ok, I get it.Ok, shut up. I know exactly what to do. [gets up and leaves]Women are like wolves. If you want a wolf, you have to trap it. You have to snare it. And then you have to tame it. Keep it happy. Care for it. Feed it. Lovingly, the way an animal deserves to be loved. And my animal deserves a lot of loving.Okay, okay. That's enough.Come on, break this up.How do you spell 'animalian'?Yes.None of your business. I'm writing something.Forget it. I'll look it up myself.No, you know what? You do it.Uh, yes, I'm in charge. You have to. Look it up.So tell me.Forget it. I'll do it. But you're getting written up.They are either going to say yes... or no.Think it through.Fumble! Yaaah!Hut! Hut! Hut! Hike!Ryan.Ooh. They're having a sale on TiVo. Maybe I should get a TiVo. Oh. DVD Burner! Maybe I should get one of those. You are so lucky, Jim. You are so lucky you don't have this problem. What was the 9th place prize again? A loaf of bread?Oh, great. Tasty, terrific pizza. Hmm. Question: Do their pizzas play DVDs?Ha! I don't get it.Well, it's not really a big speech. You still coming right?What if I give a really long, extended Thank You. For instance, 'Thank you, Mr. Blank. Thank you very, very, very...'When I was in the sixth grade, I was a finalist in our school Spelling Bee. It was me against Raj Patel. And I misspelled, in front of the entire school, the word 'failure'.I can't do this.Oh, okay.Okay, deal! I'll do whatever you say. No questions asked.I'll try and think of one. When...Is that an insult or is that part of the public speaking advice?Saleswoman has a vagina.But I'm right?Hey. Do you remember the speeches that you gave?Could I have a copy of one of them?Yeah!That is so great about the bonus!Excuse me! May I have your attention please? There has been an accident on 84 West. Cars have skidded off the road into the safety railing. Several cars have flipped. There is broken glass everywhere. Several people are injured.Brad Pitt. Also there will be no bonuses.They are unrelated.He will never act again. Also, this branch is closing.Yes.Good morning, Vietnam! [general groaning] Okay. You know what? This isn't working. Because um I'm not nervous in front of them. They're my subordinates.Uh, yes you are. I'm Assistant Regional Manager.Michael, can you explain?I can travel anywhere except Cuba. And I will travel to New Zealand. And walk the 'Lord of the Rings' trail to Mordor. And then I will hike Mount Doom. So... no... just leave me alone.Oh please! You're not taking any trip.You did?Yes. I am.Which is?I'll glance at it.Thank you, Angela.No, I can't... I ca...[bangs fists] Blood alone moves the wheels of history! Have you ever asked yourselves in an hour of meditation, which everyone finds during the day. [waves arm] how long we have been striving for greatness? [bangs fist] Not only the years we've been at war, the war of work, but from the moment as a child when we realized that the world could be conquered. It has been a lifetime's struggle [waves arms]. A never-ending fight. I say to you [hits podium] and you'll understand that it is a privilege to fight!WE ARE WARRIORS!Salesman of Northeastern Pennsylvania, I ask you once more rise and be worthy of this historical hour![laughs maniacally] Yeah. Yes!No revolution is worth anything unless it can defend itself. [bangs fists]Some people will tell you salesman is a bad word. They'll conjure up images of used car dealers and door to door charlatans. This is our duty - to change their perception. I say salesmen... and women of the world unite! We must never acquiesce for it is together, TOGETHER, THAT WE PREVAIL!  We must never cede control of the motherland! For it is...Ok, thanks. [to Michael] There you are. What happened?It was amazing. I wish you would have been there.What? Something happened?Weird.Con artist.My future is so bright, Jim. Jim, do you know how bright my future is? It's so bright that... What? Do you know? Is there something I got to wear? Huh?[imitating '80s rock]And what a lot of people don't understand about sales is that it has so much to do with organization. I have a system in place for keeping track of who I speak to, when I speak to them and what we have discussed. Etcetera.Well, do you think I should describe our filing system?It is?What is?I don't follow.Oh, God!Well, that didn't go well.[whispering to Angela] Stop it. [to the office] Two sailors walk into a bar...Oh, why not?All right.Oh, no, I don't think this is it.Oh, yeah, I read about that. The entire cast of Battlestar Galactica is gonna be here, including Starbuck. I'm so in love with her.No, no, no. It's totally normal, 'cause she's not a Cylon or anything. She's just a great human fighter pilot. If I see her, my heart will explode.[looks at Sasha] Mmm... hello tiny one.You are the future!There is no way that hurt.Little girl. Come over here. Shake my hand. Come on, I don't have all day. [Abby shakes his hand] I don't feel anything. Nothing. [to Jim] You're so weak. [Jake walks over and messes with Dwight's bobbleheads] Uh, excuse me, these are expensive collector's items, okay?No, I don't have computer games on my work computer. That would be innappropriate.You call your mom Meredith? That's very disrespectful.You can refer to me as Mister Schrute.Schrute. Mister Schrute.[quietly] ... Schrute. [Jim and Abby snicker, Angela glares at Dwight][plays the recorder] That was Greensleeves. A traditional English Ballad about the beheaded Anne Boleyn. And now, a very special treat... a book my Grandmutter used to read me when I was a kid.  This is a very special story, it's called Struwwelpeter, by Heinrich Hoffman from 1864. [reading from book] The great tall tailor always comes to little girls that suck their thumbs--- are you listening, Sasha? Right? And 'ere they dream when he's about, he takes his great sharp scissors out, and then cuts their thumbs clean off!There's a photo...These are cautionary tales for kids, my Grandmata used to read these---[standing up] Nazi was a fascist movement......from the 1930's...I was gonna teach the children how to make corn-husk dolls....Okay.We have better service than they do!Is that a real fun shooting windmill?[employees chuckle] And heUh, okay. But first, that's not my name.Well at least I'm not a horrible little latchkey kid who got suspended from school. So...And they do, your parents, love you very much.The Schrutes consider children very valuable. In the olden days, the women would bear many children, so we would have enough laborers to work the fields. And if it was an especially cold winter, and there weren't enough grains or vegetables, they would eat the weakest of the brood. [Laughs] They didn't eat the children.What the... [pulls a pencil eraser out of his mug, after a drink]Oh, I hate to break it to you, Abby. The certificate's a fake. Okay? It's not real. Where's the certification number, Halpert?Oh, really? Uh-huh.Oh. Okay. Fine. Well done.Yes. There he is, the birthday boy!Birthday hug!That suit is amazing.Mmm. Maybe I should get one.Ebay. Hm. Question! May I be in charge of the party planning festivities?Excellent. On my part, I did manage to reserve the...Let's get the party started. [Begins 'raising the roof']Party planning committee, listen up. Michael would like trick candles for his birthday cake, so make that a priority.Not my problem. Here is a list of things that Michael would like to be surprised by. [hands list to Pam]Yes, but he doesn't want to know when, or whom.It's 'For the Longest Time,' by William Joel. It's you favorite song.I probably care more than she does.Uh, that's a list price of four dollars and fifty cents.  Unfortunately, this item is on [watch beeps] back... order... [hangs up] Michael! Michael! Michael Michael Michael! Come here, come here, come here!  Come here!Listen up everyone! It is 11:23 exactly, the exact moment when you emerged from your mother's vaginal canal, so... huh?! Right, have a seat. Please.There is a tradition that the Hebrews have of hoisting the birthday boy up on a chair.So come help me celebrate Michael's birth moment. Kevin!Creed! Come on. Stanley!On three, we're going to hoist away! Ready?Happy birth moment, Michael.One. Two. Three! [Michael is raised until his head hits the ceiling]Oscar...Okay, that isF. Alright, what's the damage?[pulls out wallet] Thirty nine... sixty.Why tip someone for a job I'm capable of doing myself? I can deliver food. I can drive a taxi. I can, and do, cut my own hair. I did, however, tip my urologist, because... I am unable to pulverize my own kidney stones.Here they come.Come and get it!Uh, bologna, tomato and ketchup.Hey temp, you know uh, we still got five feet of sandwich left [pulls ice cream cake out of freezer].Hell, yeah. Save room for ice cream cake.Oh. I got it.[whispering] This is the most important day of the year. I can't risk anything.What about that meeting... later... to discuss finances?[whispering] But what if i'm hungry?Here we go. Make a wish.Yaoo yay! [claps]Pam was supposed to get 'em.Where have you been? And don't say the bathroom, 'cause I kicked in all the stalls.Please, don't.I'll get someone to take it down.YEAH!Turn it around. Turn it around.Number one!!Let's get the party started.Michael's birthday is hard for me because he gets very excited. But he's also under a lot of pressure, which builds up until he's ready to explode. As his right-hand man, it's my job to release that pressure so that he can enjoy himself, if only for a moment.To think that a man's skin could turn on him. It's brilliant, 'cause you'd never expect it. Most people think of their skin as an ally. [scoffs] Makes me rethink having skin at all.Kevin Malone, you're next. Spit that out. [Kevin shoves the rest of the donut he's eating into his mouth] Spit... Okay, come on, let's go.Thanks, girl.Let's go over some of the symptoms of marijuana use, shall we?  You tell me who this sounds like: slow moving, inattentive, dull, constantly snacking, shows a lack of motivation.I like the people I work with generally, with four exceptions.  But someone committed a crime and I did not become a Lackawanna County Volunteer Sheriff's deputy to make friends. And by the way, I haven't.Stop! This is not Kelly Kapoor story hour.  Illegal drugs were consumed on company property, okay? Your ass is on the line, mister!  My ass is is on the line!  Now I'm going to ask you again.  What time did you go home last night?I didn't know that you were at a party on Saturday night.Okay, I'm gonna need to search your car.  Give me you keys.Don't make me do this the hard way.I go down to the police station on my lunch break. I tell a police officer, I know several, what I suspect you may have in your car. He requests a hearing from a judge and obtains a search warrant, once he has said warrant, he will drive over here, and make you give him the keys to your car, and you will have to obey him.I can't stop this investigation. It is my job.I volunteered for this job.It is my duty......to investigate the crime scene. I have six more interviews to go and then I will reveal what I know.If you are attempting to compliment me then you have done a very good job.Well, you have......because being a narc is one of the hardest jobs that you can have......and I am very proud of being a narc.Oscar visited Mexico when he was five to attend his great-grandmother's funeral. What does that mean to a United States law enforcement officer? He's a potential drug mule.Have you ever taken any illegal drugs?Do you think it's possible that maybe you could have had some drugs in your system without you knowing about it?Have you ever... pooped... a balloon?He sure left in a hurry.I don't want to blow this. This is what all good law enforcement officers dream of. The chance to solve an actual crime.Do you know what this is? [pushing a photo toward her]How do you know that?[grabs pictures back and looks at it] Dammit.No, it's marijuana.That's ridiculous, of course it wasn't me.I would remember.That's not how it works.Knock it off, okay, I'm interviewing you.[opens eyes wide in total surprise]I know you're innocent, but I can't look like I'm treating you any differently.Where were you yesterday after work?Attention everyone.  Drug testers are coming in a couple of hours to test everyone's urine.Company policy. If drugs are found on the premises there is automatic drug testing conducted within twenty-four hours.No you can't do that.No you cannot. It has to be official, and itKevin, what prescription drugs are you taking, besides Rogaine?Angela, what about you?You're not onGood.Thank you, Michael.No, you will be tested.You will be. That is the law according to the rules.Hi, Linda. Dwight Schrute, Assistant Regional Manager. You might remember testing my urine a few years back when I was applying to be a volunteer sheriff's deputy.Mine was green.I'm all better.What kind of filing?That goes directly to the tester.Like in a cup?For what purpose?Then I refuse.Are you serious?But that's illegal.Not my urine.Were you forced to do drugs at this concert?I want him to have all the urine he needs.I know that. Don't you think I know that?My father's name was Dwight Schrute. My grandfather's name was Dwight Schrute. His father's name Dwide Schrude. Amish. I loved my father very much. Every morning he'd wake up at dawn and make us biscuits with gravy. When I was little my dad and I played a lot of games together. My dad cheated a lot but I never busted him on it. I would have, except I didn't know about it. He didn't tell me till years later. I was shocked when I found out.That's great.It's a uniform and I turned it in today when I tendered my resignation.I took an oath when I was sworn in and I broke that oath today.Really?That's fantastic because I've always felt that the security here sucked .Thank you, Michael. Very nice. Great. [To Hank]  Can I have a gun?Okay, I'll have to bring in my bow staff.[salutes] Thank you, Michael.I need to go over some details with you.First of all, Hank, how many orange traffic cones do you have?Oh, God.I'm not only hoping to find the culprit who committed this heinous crime, I am praying to find this heinous culprit. And I will pray to Thor himself, if that's what it takes.People use marijuana to escape. Jim does not have a girlfriend. His sales are nothing to brag about. And he does not belong to any organized clubs. If that were my life, I'd do drugs.Your turn, Stanley. [Stanley just takes a drink from his mug] Angela, you're up.Go ahead. Don't lie.No, no, no. It's okay. Go ahead.Oh.Oh.Kelly Kapour. Say your prayers. Let's go. Conference room, pronto. Come on, step it up.Oh, me? Just one of the gang. Sitting in the back, doodling, not playing attention. Bam! Pow! Surprise! Got you! [Note pad reads, 'Creed -Shifty eyes / Ryan - Dilated pupils / Kelly - Hyperactive'] There's a Volunteer Sheriff's Deputy in your midst, and he is taking names.Make-up sex. Nice!The scary thing is, it could have been any one of these people. They all had a motive. To get high.just drink a lot of water.You have to relax your muscles around the bladder.Hey. Hey. Jerry.Sheriff Pierce? I'm turning in my badge.I got it here.No, I mean at the gift shop. Also, I can't wear this anymore.Oh, don't worry. I never abused my power. I only tried to help the Sheriff's Department in any way I could.Oh, God, there are so many. Roadside assistance, breaking up unruly parties, surveillance...Crowd control, directing traffic...I've only had to use it once.Oh! What is on your face? Is that a disguise?Clown paint.I.D. badges are long overdue. Security in this office park is a joke. Last year, I came to work with my spud gun in a duffel bag. I sat at my desk all day, with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged?Oh, he's sure. Just shoot.Whoa.. wha... wait. If someone has a problem with me, why would they withdraw it six months ago?That is not true. Redact it. Redact it!Okay, question. [looks at Toby] When a name is withdrawn, does that also apply to the permanent misbehavior file in New York?That doesn't make any sense.No.I never smile if I can help it. Showing one's teeth is a submission signal in primates. When someone smiles at me, all I see is a chimpanzee begging for its life.This is humongous. I am not a security threat...And my middle name is 'Kurt', not 'Fart'.I have another complaint for Jim's permanent file.What box?!Ah... agh... dgh... Ahh! No, no! Four years of malfeasance unreported. This cannot stand.No! You calm down! Who's side is Toby on? Who's side are you on?Him or me?Him or me? I cannot work with Jim anymore.Either he goes, or I go.You choose!One of us is out of here by the end of today! [runs out]I am not bluffing!Okay?Do the right thing here, Michael. Okay, I have served you loyally for years.I deserve this. You know I do!You have till five.Oh, look, Jim. There's a sales manager position open in Stamford. Want me to call Jan and tell her you're interested? I could put in a good word for you, 'cause I'll still be working here. Transfer! Transfer! Everybody! Transfer! Transfer! Transfer! Transfer!It's a good market. Higher volume.I have a girlfriend...So, you going to transfer Jim or not?I want an answer by tomorrow.Fine.Come on, let's go. Creed, Kevin, Oscar... andale! Let's go.[elevator bell dings] What is this? What happened here?Oh, this does not look good. Did anyone see what happened around my desk area this morning?A prank, huh? This is official police line tape, okay? It's not a prank.Damn it, people! Someone must have seen something! [Jim's cell phone beeping] Oh, you people are useless. Jesus.Oh, no, no, don't! I can't... [groans] [telephone ringing]This is why I'm a Volunteer Sheriff's Deputy and you're not.No, there's no blood.Possibly.[exclaiming in fear] No, Jim, no! [Jim knocks Dwight's phone off its cradle] [yelling toward the phone] Sheriff, this is Volunteer Sheriff's Deputy Dwight Schrute. Press the pound key! What's your 20?He sometimes wears glasses, write that down. Also, that may not be his real hair.I'm the one who petitioned the office board to have these ID badges taken.Let me see your ID.I gave her a higher clearance than you.I'd tell you, but then I'd have to kill you. [laughing maniacally]I'm done talking. I am a Schrute. We don't back down.Yes, sir.Thank you. [elevator door closes] No, come on... God!I would never, ever serve you. Not in a million, billion years.I know. It belonged to my grandfather. He was buried in it, so family heirloom.Impossible. Roulette is not a game of skill, it is a game of chance.Oh, really? Mmm-hmm.How would you do that?[laughs] You can't be serious. Are you serious?I don't believe you. Continue.[scoffs] That's ridiculous. You know what? Uh... Why don't you move that coat rack? Excuse me, everyone! Attention in the office, please. Jim is about to prove his telekinetic powers and he needs absolute silence. Go ahead.Oh, my God.Yes!Wait, canine AIDS?Actually, it's owned by Beakman Properties, and Dunder Mifflin is four years into a seven-year lease.When Darryl was coming, you said you wanted me here for protection.Code name Re/Max is here. No sign of Lan Jevinson.I'm Michael's wingman. I've got his back. Two dates. He's got two dates tonight. My job is to keep Jan away from Carol and vice versa. Michael said, 'We must deceive them, so as not to hurt them, and in that way, we honor them.'I expect to do very well tonight. I have an acute ability to read people. Jim, for instance, has a huge tell. When he gets a good hand, he coughs.Hey, hey.Jan's here.Give me the dice.Let's go.Evening, Angela. This is craps. I need to roll an eight. If I do, everyone wins.Thank you, Angela.Yeah! Yeah! [Kisses Angela, she slaps him and walks away smiling]Give me the dice!Come on, shooter!Come on. [Turns to Jan] So where you staying? Radisson?Super 8?Motel 6? Best Western?Holiday Inn? The Hyatt in Wilkes-Barre? You staying with Michael?Nice, very nice.Oh, man!Do you need anything?Should I get water or donuts?Come on, let's go. Take a seat.Office Depot!The planet Caprica.It's from Battlestar Galactica.Yeah, get them, Creed!My charity is the Farm Defense Fund. It's one of the best organizations that fights infestation of the beet armyworm.I don't believe that Jim moved that coat rack. But if he did, he has an obligation to use his gift wisely. With great power comes great responsibility. They could do a cross-section of his brain to find out more. But I don't think it's true, though.[sobbing] Jim is gone.  He's gone.  I miss him so much.  Ooooh I cry myself to sleep, Jim!  [serious]Of course.Absolutely not.Well, he's not dressed in women's clothes, so...You could assume everyone is, and not say anything offensive.I really don't think so.[creepy smile]Jim told me you could buy gay-dar online.Yeah probably.  He didn't tell the truth a lot.Definitely.Damn.  [thinks]  I'll try Brookstone.Uh, Michael knows Pam.  He asked me to do this just for him.  He has his own reasons.Ah damn pop-ups.I think all the other office gays should identify themselves, or I will do it for them.What about Phyllis?  She makes absolutely no attempt to be feminine!Michael appears to be gay too.  And yet he is my friend.  I guess I do have a gay friend.[reading the note with the gay-dar]  'Hope this helps.  -Jim'  Nice!Shhh.  Don't be scared.  [gay-dar beeps over Oscar's belt buckle, Dwight smiles] It works.  [gay-dar goes off next to Dwight's belt buckle]  ...oh no.Don't be mad, it is a business trip.Monkey, I am an A. R. M., Assistant Regional Manager.Yes, Monkey.And your veil.Um.I got it.I got it.Um.Can I have my neck pillow back? Michael! Can I have my neck pillow back?Oh, hey, how's it going up there? Have you made any sales yet?Shut up. That's impossible.Well, I did it too.So what kind of commissions you get up there?You're so immature!Hey, Jan.This party is going to be awesome.Check it out.Wow.I'll do a shot, Michael.Dwight Schrute, Assistant Regional Manager, Dunder-Mifflin.I'm a huge fan.Why do they call him The Bus?Smile!You don't have email on your phone.No one just called you.Yes. Anything.I'll talk to my buddy down at the station, stat.So I called my buddy down at the station today. Had them run a background check on Josh Porter. See if there's any known aliases, et cetera.He wasn't volunteering today.Whoa. Michael.Was that your per diem?Hey, Michael.Keep the wing flaps.Come on. Nice try, Josh!Yes! Ha!Ha, ha, ha, ha.Blood, urine, or semen.Mm-hm.No!What would you have done? Been manager?You? A bottle capper?! [laughs in disbelief]So, you ever been convicted of a felony?Misdemeanor?Coast Guard? So you know how to fight underwater?[directing people to their assigned seats] Take a seat down there.  Second from the end.Why him?Not everyone approves of Movie Monday.  I won't say who.That's not going to happen.That's not his fault!  He had to follow his heart!Ever since Michael dumped Jan for Carol, Jan's been bitching out on him.  Reject a woman and she will never let it go.  One of the many defects of their kind.  Also weak arms.Michael would never let me...I could never do that![outside in the parking lot, pacing back and forth] WAH!  GAH!  [breathing heavily]Is this Jan?This is Dwight Schrute.  I am calling about an extremely sensitive matter.It's about Michael.[exhales] I can't talk here.  It's too sensitive.No, but we should discuss that another time.Pull over at exit 40.  There is a Liz Claiborne outlet.  I know you like that store.  Go inside and shop, until I can meet you.Many of your blouses are Claiborne's.Part of my job....noted.[walking into Michael's office] I'm going... to the dentist.I have to have an emergency crown put in.Yes.  It's a new dentist.  He's far.  I might be gone... three hours.Did you get anything good?New blouse?  Halter top?  Camisole?  Teddy?I can save the branch.If you let me run it.[excitedly] 'Ok' I can run it?Mostly get rid of waste.  Which is half the people there.  And clean house.  [to waitress in diner]  Right here.  It's all for me.  Thank you.The decision to turn on Michael was difficult.  [pouring way too much syrup on his food] But once I did it, I didn't look back.  And mostly I feel that Michael would approve.  It's really what's best for the branch.  And I could care less about my co-workers.  So [cutting his food, giving Jan a 'so there' look], here we are.  It's all, on the table.  I want... the branch.  And I await your decision.[shoveling waffles into his mouth] Oh, by the way.  There's a new Ann Taylor outlet store near here.  I know you like their earrings.Hey.No thanks I'm stuffed....ok. [takes and eats several M&M's]...so good.They have this new kind of quick drying bonding, so...Oh, yeah.[long pause] Crentist.Yep.Maybe that's why he became a dentist.[reluctantly opens his mouth and Michael peers inside]  Ahh.  Aaaah.I know...What?What is it?No.Gahh!I can't believe this news.  That--- wow.You said that?Well... Gosh, if you think I should.  Then I will.All right.Assistant to the regional manager.  Thank you Michael, for staying on.   I really appreciate it.Hey... I can't imagine this place without you.Yeah, when I'm ready, Mike. [Dwight exhales, Michael looks at the camera] Ok let's do it.Thank you Angela.Thank you Michael.  I just want to say, to the few of you who will remain under my employ, that I intend to lead you into the black!  With ferocity!Yes.IOh please, don't be naive.  But you can be in charge of the women.[smiling] No thank you.No thanks.Not my style.Well that was before.  I'm thinking about getting something German, something with decent gas mileage.  Plus, that convertible, it's a ridiculous choice for this climate.[confused] No.What did you---Yes.You know what?No!I think the Sebring's cool.  It's cool.  The Seabring's cool.  It has a cassette and it has a CD.[Dwight gets on his knees and puts his face down on the ground] Don't fire me.  Please.[terrified] I HAVE EXCELLENT SALES NUMBERS![sobbing] I'll do anything!  Anything!  I'll do your laundry for a month!  For a year!I'm sorry!  I'll do anything, I swear. [squeaking, crying]You can't.  You can't.  But I promise I'll never betray you again.  What can I do, Michael.  What can I do?  [Michael exhales]  What can I do?  [Dwight has his face to the ground but his butt raised high in the air] What can I do?  What can I do?Hey. [shuts door] Is everything okay?If the branch is in trouble, there are things you can do.I know that we need to cut costs.  We could fire Meredith. That's a big cost.Creed might be living here, we could charge him rent.[looks to Angela]The Schrutes are a very loyal breed. But I also have Mannheim blood from my German grandmother. And the Mannheims knew when to cut and run. No sense going down with a losing regime. But the Schrute blood... It's amazing that when these two bloods mix, the whole thing didn't explode.[laughs uproariously and applauds] Whoo!Awesome!Michael, can you get me a pen from down in the warehouse?Okay. [continues to laugh] Whoo!Really?That is the way to go.  Instant death.  Very smart.You're thinking of a chicken.Ed was decapitated.You said you didn't know how to say it.Hey.If my head ever comes off, I would like you to put it on ice.When I die, I wanna be frozen. And if they have to freeze me in pieces, so be it.  I will wake up stronger than ever because I will have used that time to figure out exactly why I died and what moves I could have used to defend myself better now that I know what hold he had me in.That is not a statue, that is a robot.And how big do you want this robot?Mm, no.  Better make it two-thirds.  Easier to stop if it turns on us.Look [holding up sketch] I gave him a six foot extension cord so he can't chase us.[grabbing ball] I got it.  When my mother was pregnant with me, they did an ultrasound and found she was having twins.  When they did another ultrasound a few weeks later, they discovered, that I had resorbed the other fetus.  Do I regret this?  No.  I believe his tissue has made me stronger.  I now have the strength of a grown man and a little baby.Michael! [following Michael downstairs] Michael.   Michael ...[in disgust] Oh...Poor little fella.He is a goner.Yeah.Michael, get him away from your head!  He is covered in germs and bacteria!You want me to flush him?[trying to shove bird into a can] Argh... gah!What?  No, this is about the right size.I'm sorry, I grew up on a farm.  We slaughtered a pig whenever we wanted bacon.  My grandfather was reburied in an old oil drum. [pause] It would have fit if he had given me another minute.I need a box.  I need a box.  A small box... not too confining.Yeah.Oh, thank you.Yes, please.Excellent.Always. [runs off]He's not a songbird.[begins playing recorder]Let's get back to work.Attention, everyone. As you know, Ed Truck is dead. If you have any contact information on Rolodex files or in Microsoft Outlook, remove it now. Also, if you have any photographs, Pam will make her shredder available during lunch. That is all.Remembering the dead doesn't help anybody. The way to best honor them is to figure out what killed them and prevent that thing from killing anyone ever again. In this case, some sort of steel exoskeleton to protect the neck, or else a device that allows the head to live separately from the body. I'm working on both.Michael, no need to call corporate. We are supposed to use Toby. He's trained as a grief counselor.Ow! God!Brain teaser. I have two coins totaling 15 cents and one of them is not a nickel. What are they?No, I said one of them is not a nickel.Ok. A man and his son get into a car accident. They are rushed to the hospital. The doctor says, there is no way I can operate on this boy, ...A man is found hanging from the ceiling...A hunter.Damn it!So you excited?Very excited?Extremely excited? ... Just very?  That's cool.I am very excited. Ryan hasn't made a sale yet, but more importantly, he hasn't made an ally yet. Is he going to be a slacker-loser-wise-ass like Jim was? Or is he going to join the Dwight Army of Champions?When you are ready to see the sales office, the sales office will present itself to you. Your journey begins now.Do you know where we are, temp?I hold in my hand, a beet seed. Take it. [Ryan tries to take it, Dwight closes hand] AH! [Ryan tries again and takes seed] When... Damn it.And just as you have planted your seed in the ground, I'm going to plant my seed in you.Smells pretty bad, doesn't it?It's called bull crap and a client can smell it from a mile away.Oh hey, I forgot something in my car.  I'll be right back.Congratulations resourceful salesman. You have passed the second challenge. Welcome to Schrute Farm.It is time for your next test. You have planted the beet seed. You have walked the long lonely walk of loneliness.You know what your problem is? You know why you haven't made any sales? Cause you think you know everything. You have to trust that maybe there are other people that can teach you things. Are you ready to learn? Are you ready for the final test?Come on!Please be seated. [man runs behind Dwight]Pay no attention to the spirits that haunt this hallowed ground.Yes.Mose is my cousin and he lives here. He will always be my best friend. Unless things go well with Ryan today in which case, I won't hang out with Mose so much anymore.What is the greatest danger facing Dunder Mifflin?Wrong. Flash floods. What is the true cause of Robert Mifflin's suicide?Wrong. He hated himself. What is the DHARMA initiative?Final question, young Ryan Howard. What is Michael Scott's greatest fear?Wrong. He's not afraid of anything. Also, I would have accepted snakes. Fear is what it's all about. You cannot sell while undergoing fear. You need to vanquish fear! One must wrestle fear to the ground. You will now wrestle my cousin Mose.Wrestle him to the ground.Ryan. Don't. Ryan! You don't have to wrestle him. Just get in the coffin. Ryan?Where are all the animals?Ryan, come on. I am sorry. I am sorry. Mose is sorry too. Look, he sent over a basket with eggs and some fat back bacon. And look, something he whittled.You still mad? It's just Jim and I didn't get along, and I didn't want it to be that way again. You know, I wanted us to be a team. An unstoppable team that competed against other teams.Screwgun. The sales call!Establish time frames. Keep the phrase 'real dollars' in their head. And always keep the power in the conversation. That's why you're losing them on the cold calls. Cause you say the word please too much.Michael always said, K.I.S.S. Keep it simple, stupid. Great advice, hurts my feelings every time.Good.Right.Uh huh.Exactly. Yes.They did not. They didn't have to say it to your face.Not everything's a lesson, Ryan. Sometimes you just fail. It's those online paper jerks. The whole business is changing. You know what? They're going to be screwed once this whole internet fad is over. What are you doing? [Ryan throws egg at building] Oh no no no no! Ryan! Yes! Ryan the temp! Come on! Courtesy of Dunder Mifflin. Come on! Drive.[Dwight chokes as Ryan downs a beer in one drink] Temp! Temp! Temp! Temp! Ryan! Ryan! Ryan! Ryan! Yes! Just think, that temp agency could have sent you anywhere.Take a good look at this boy......because you are never going to see him again.Today is Ryan's first sales call and I am bringing this boy home a full-grown man.I once saw a movie called 'Training Day'. It starred an African-American and Ethan Hawke. In it, the African-American trains Ethan Hawke with various tests and trials. Today, Ryan is Ethan Hawke, and I am the African-American.Get in the car.Don't you realize the key is inside you? [pretends to pull key out of Ryan's ear]No, but seriously, your ears are the key. 90% of a good sales call is listening, only 10% is talking.Get in the car. [Ryan knocks the car door] Get... get in the car.Sales is not all in here. [wails arms] It's also in here.[wails arms] You know, selling, typing, dialing.What is that in your ear? [pretends to pull beet seed out of Ryan's ear] A tiny beet seed. You need to clean your ears better.Sales is about people, Ryan. About understanding them and learning how to get along with them. Case study: me. To understand me, you have to know that I work in the city, but I live here on this small, beautiful farm. It's a family farm. Many Schrutes were born here and many of us end up here. My grandfather was a good man who did some very bad things. What the... Damn it! Those kids! [discovers two teenagers naked, running] You! You, get out of here! This is not a cheap motel! This is a farm and cemetery! Freaks! You're lucky I don't have my crossbow! Let me show you the compost pile.Maybe you've got mono.Yeah, totally single. Hundred percent available.Pam wishes. [generalized laughing] Kelly, I'll take this one. Diwali is a Celebration of the Coronation of the God-King Rama. After his epic battle with Ravana, the Demon King of Lanka. It symbolizes the battle between good and evil...I see dead people.He was dead the whole time.Temp! Temp! Pflut! Pflut!Does Michael talk aboutHe does? What does he say.No![knocks coffee out of Stanley's hand.] You'll thank me later.Hey stranger.Sorry. I just feel like we haven't talked in awhile.Yes!What's the plan?Can I drive?Shotgun!Still.Thank you very much. [hangs up cell phone] Okay, secretary says Wallace is away for the day and won't be coming back into the office.But, do not worry. I have his home address right [presses cell phone button] here.Christmas card list.But when I do, we'll have something to talk about.So, do you know what you're gonna say when he shows up?No. Bad idea. You need an attack plan. Here, I'll be him, you be you. Let's practice.[as David Wallace] Dum, dum, dum, dum... coming home from work.Yes? What is the meaning of this?Well, the branch is no longer finicially viable. It's simple dollars and cents.Listen, Scott... we're losing money, okay? It's not a charity; it's a business. And it's a dying business.[as himself] Whoa hey, why not?Okay.[as David Wallace] Dum, dum, dum, du, doy, du, do... coming home from work...[frightened] Uh!Ah. [takes a gulp of Gatorade and passes the bottle to Michael] Here, replinish your fluids.[referring to Michael's ringing phone] who is it?Gonna get it?Nothing. [puts down binoculars]Then it was an honor to have worked with you.My first day when you hazed me by spraying me with a fire extinguisher.Uh,... my first sale, my promotion to assistant regional manager, our basketball game, when you took me to the hospital, and told me that you cared about me.What were your favorite moments?What about when Jan said the branch was closing?Well, it doesn't...[picks up his beeping cell phone][on the phone] Oh my God!We did it!In your face!Oh, man.I don't ... have no idea.Psh, why is that great?What was your mile time?[scoffs] I could beat that on a skateboard.Yeah, well my feet don't. And I can still crush that time.Let's just put it this way. Last weekend I outran a black pepper snake.I am fast. To give you a reference point. I'm somewhere between a snake and a mongoose. And a panther.Man, what is taking Toby so long?And you'll compare the times?No, my groin......is really tight.I can't... [starts running]Aaaaah!Nametag?Karen Filippelli.Probably Italian. Possibly Filipino.That's Andy Bernard.If I were you......I would fire Anthony Gardner......before noon......to consolidate power.No, no, no! Not somebody. Gardner.The Japanese camp guards of World War II always chose one man to kill whenever a batch of new prisoners arrived. I always wondered how they chose the man who was to die. I think I would have been good at choosing the person.Hannah Smoterich-Barr.Well, well, well. Look what the cat dragged in from Stamford.Fact - I am older. I am wiser. Do not mess with me.What are you doing?I have a smudge on my forehead?Why are you looking at my forehead?Meet my eye line, Jim!Stop acting like an idiot!Hello. I don't believe we've been introduced. Dwight Schrute. Assistant Regional Manager.So you'll be reporting to me, then.My title has 'Manager' in it.Oh.I know everything about film. I've seen over 240 of them.We need to talk!Which is higher? Assistant Regional Manager or Regional Director in Charge of Sales?Okay. So who gets paid more? Me or Andy?Ok. Who reports to who?And then if I want...I...I...One...Yo Mike, our town is dope and pretty.What?What?But check that it's covered by your health care provider!But the little cars go in the compact spotDo you mean to me? From you? Cause that's how it works.Do you have batteries?Very funny, Michael!Really funny, Michael!Do this. Come on. Ready?On three. One... two... three.Hey, hey. Easy.That was my advice. Remember? I'm the one who suggested that you fire him.And what advice has Andy given to you today that you have acted on? Would 'none' be an accurate estimate? None advice? [whispers] Fire Andy. Fire. Andy.What!YEAH!If he even wants it. It doesn't come with a pay raise.So who will be your new Number Three?And I have to say your leadership...has brought...Uh, try double that. Classic TransAm, vintage American muscle. Please.Xterra's not even a real word.Oh, so you drive an X-Earth?That makes sense. I'd rather drive a classic TransAm than an XEarth.Well I hope 1985 has a time machine 'cause I drive an 87.Speaking of funerals, why don't you go ahead and go die.Idiot!If you were driving a TransAm, you would be the smartest idiot in the whole world.[coughs sentence] You're the idiot![coughs sentence] I was making fun of your comeback! That's why it worked. [talks normally to camera] Totally got the best of that interchange.Nash.Male, age 37...Mocha complexion. Supplier relations. Either caught a fish or was standing next to a man who caught a fish in Key West, Florida.[holds up piece of paper] It wasn't clear on the Google Image search.[starts clapping] Very good Michael. Really good. [Michael shushes Dwight][clapping] No, no, it's better than fantastic. It's super perfect.It just goes to show you, you play with fire and you are gonna singe your eyebrows. And they do not grow back the same way. [takes of glasses and points to right eyebrow]Bull... [bleep] [clears throat] Sorry.I had a tickle in my throat.I can't say [clearinng throat noise]?Sometimes it hurts Michael.I am cool.I'm cool, I'm cool, I'm so cool. Tell me what is going on.I am greatly concerned about having a convict in the office. And I do not care if that convict is white, black, Asian, German, or some kind of halfsy. I do not like criminals.Prison Mike. What's the very very worst thing about prison?Merry Christmas! [holds up dead goose and puts it on Pam's desk]Don't worry, she's dead. Oh wait. He's dead.I accidentally ran over it. It's a Christmas miracle!Relax, OK. And because this is Christmas, I am going to roast this goose and prepare it with a wild rice dressing. Do we have any cayenne pepper in the kitchen?Jim.What does it look like?And circle gets the square.[to Pam] So can you watch this? I'm gonna get my carving knife out of the trunk.No, Toby, this is different. He's already dead.Once I brought in a duck. To prepare for lunch. And people got upset. Apparently, they got attached to the duck and didn't want to see it killed.He was already dead. And we Schrutes use every part of the goose. The meat has a delicious, smoky, rich flavor. Plus you can use the molten goose grease and save it in the refrigerator, thus saving you a trip to the store for a can of expensive goose grease.Exactly. Thank you, Jim.Ok, that is ridiculous. And totally against the spirit of Christmas.It's Christmas Toby.Toby...[sighs] Please? Please?Oh Pam. Take a chill pill.[standing up] Oh, ouch. Michael, I don't think there is anything wrong with the way you described her.[over everybody else's talking] Are we gonna cancel Hanukah as well?Michael. Sorry to interrupt. Uh, It appears we're one bathrobe short.Copy.[putting things into a box] We are getting rid of everything that reminds you of Carol.Oh, look at this. [looks through papers] Your old condo closing papers. It's riddled with Carol's name. I wish I could throw this in the box. [Michael hits repeat to 'Goodbye My Lover' on computer]Why don't you just buy the whole song?Oh, look at this, she saved you two thousand dollars 'cause they failed to report a mold problem. [Continues to sift through papers] But wouldn't that affect the final... How did she? Oh, oh, I see what she did. That is good. Wow. Carol is one smart cookie.Pam and Karen. I am ordering you to cease and desist all party planning. Immediately.As ranking number three in this office, I am order -You're number four.Ah, no. [to Pam and Karen] You must turn over to me all Christmas decorations and party paraphernalia immediately that will be returned to you on January fourth.Ok, goodOK, this is stupid.No no, no, wait, wait, wait [raises hand] Permission to join the Validity Committee.Damn it!Get out Jim. [Dwight tries to sit between Andy and Jim] Actually, um... [to two other people at the table] Sir, I'm going to need take this chair.I can't... I can't here what you're saying.[off screen at other end of table] What're you talking about?[still off screen] Carol had a mustache?[off screen] What are you guys talking about?Michael! Repeat what you said louder!It is my job to be there for Michael. How can I be there for Michael if I'm here for Michael? [food is thrown at Dwight's face]Who are you calling?Looks like you've got a little Nakiri knife action going there.Yeah, I bet you wish you had a Nakiri, though.Nah, I don't know... Still think Nakiri's better.Michael! Hey! Over here, Michael! [waves down Michael with a napkin and whistles to get attention][with conviction] Start the party.Jim! Jim! What... What's happening?Oh... Narcolepsy.Oh my gosh, now she's up.Oh, OK. Cindy! Yo, Cindy! Cindy! Hold its neck back and insert the knife below the jaw. Bring it all the way around, there's going to be a good amount of blood. [Cindy looks confused. Woman next to Dwight is disgusted] Don't let it bother you. Have a bucket there, for the blood... and the innards... and the feathers.Hey! It's Angela! [Angela slams door shut, but not before Kevin sneaks out] Hey!No. It was awful. I couldn't hear anything. [cheers from other party]No... way! Yeah!Oh.Walkie-talkies.Yes![into walkie-talkie] Monkey, this is Possum. Do you copy?[singing] Lady, from the moment I saw you standing all alone. You gave all the love that I needed...[singing along] pum pum pum pum pum pum pumBye Pam.[Cell phone beeps] What the? [Reading text message] 'You have been compromised. Abort mission. Destroy phone.' Destroy phone? [Dwight throws phone off of the roof and walks away][from across the table] Where's Michael going? Michael? Is he sick? Is he choking?Tape recorder.For recording. Michael is on vacation and he's asked me to record all meetings and to type up the transcripts.What?I'm not.I do not have a knife![leans into tape recorder] Let the record show that Jim Halpert is a liar!Give me it. I am not.Jim Carrey did not just walk in, OK.You can't see... You can't see my stomach.Who's the target?What's it of?Unless you're willing to tell me everything, I cannot accept this assignment.OK, I accept it.[to Jim and Ryan] Michael hit a deer?Michael! Michael! [pokes head through blinds in Michael's office] There's an emergency in the warehouse.No, it's... involves the photograph.I have disconnected the office T1 line. I have ordered that that [referring to large picture of Michael and Jan in Jamaica on the wall] be taken down and destroyed all print outs from the bathroom.There were. A lot of them.Who did this to you? [refers to Pam crying] Where is he?[takes off coat to tie around waist] It's hot in here.Yeah.I know. [puts arm around Pam who continues to cry] So you're PMSing pretty bad, huh?Hello, you're back.While you were gone...While you were gone, Jim glued my desk drawers together. He changed my voicemail so that my voice sounded like a chipmunk. He told me that we had a meeting at 4:00 AM, and I was the only one who showed up.He turned over my...I took a vacation once. Never again. While I was away, Jim had my desk shipped to me in Roswell.Unbelievable.Come on. Come on.Try Dwight.The worst part about the Internet, when a secret is out, everyone knows. The best part about the Internet, that video of the dancing Indian midget, crossbow.org, massively multiplayer online gaming, i.e. Everquest. I also enjoy online banking.Spiderman, Peter Parker, would not reveal his love for Mary Jane for fear that she might be captured and harmed by the Green Goblin. Now, if Michael had studied the Spidey principles that I'd drawn up for him, Jan's boobs might not be all over the Internet. [Dwight pretends to shoot out webs from his palms]Attention everyone! May I have your attention, please? Listen up. If we all work really hard and focus, we should be out of here in seven hours. Now, somewhere in these stacks, I have hidden a deck of cards. That should motivate you to keep your eyes open. If you find the deck of cards, you can redeem it with me in exchange for a free soft drink. [Jim shuffles the deck of cards] Get back... Back to work!Please, I can double your pace.Let's go.Jim, move!Okay.Two at a time!You're a box short on the black, medium-line ballpoints.Everything is fine. You are in the clear.Ok, wait. Does anyone want to trade?Yup?Yeah! You want shirts on hangers?Come on!!Uh, yeah. It's the safest part of the car. In the event of a crash, the driver always protects his side of the car first.Leave the keys.Leave the keys!No thank you, I never let anyone walk behind me. Seven out of ten attacks are from the rear.Uh, yeah, but it will be easier to stop. I can always block the blow. I can counter it with... [Jim slaps Dwight]Can I use your phone?Thanks.[On Phone] One...Three...Seven...Sure.Erm, that's one of the 'Big guys.' Been on hold this whole time.Here is my card. It's got my Cell number, my pager number, my home number, and my other pager number. I never take vacations, I never get sick, and I don't celebrate any major holidays.I like Karen. She's pretty and appears intelligent.My girlfriend is also beautiful and smart. She could be a model or a college professor which is intimidating to a lot of guys.No thank you.Hey, we nailed the sale!I overslept. Damn rooster didn't crow.I am not a liar.Stay out of this, you!Michael, I cannot tell you what I was doing there. But you have to trust me, I would never do anything to hurt you or this company.That's what she said.It's going to be ok.That's not the worst thing in the world. I'll just stand up in front of the office and reveal our true love. It won't be that bad. Look at Kelly and Ryan.Well, I don't have a lot of choices.Ahem-hem-hem. May I have your attention please? This will only take a moment of your time. Although I love this company more than almost anything in the world, I have decided to step down from my post and spend more time with my family. I do not fear the unknown and I will meet my new challenges head-on and I will succeed. And I will laugh in the faces of those who doubt me. It has been a pleasure working with some of you and I will not forget those of you soon but remember, while today it is me, we all shall fall. In other words, I am quitting. So... .I would like to give the rest of my belongings to Michael Scott. Just take them. Except this.One of my life goals was to die right here in my desk chair. And today, that dream was shattered.I have left Dunder-Mifflin after many record-breaking years and am officially on the job market. And it's very exciting.For your convenience, I've broken it down into three parts: professional resume, athletic and special skills resume, and Dwight Schrute trivia.I am ready to face any challenges that might be foolish enough to face me.How would I describe myself? Three words. Hard-working, Alpha male, Jackhammer, Merciless, Insatiable.There is nothing on my horizon except everything. Everything is on my horizon.[in Staples uniform] I got this job to make some money while I continue my employment search. And uh, it's fine for the time being. Oops. Break's over.[scoffs] Child's play. Give me something hard to sell.Need any help?Great. I will literally be standing right here if you need anything at all.I have snow tires and chains. Plus exceptional hand-eye coordination.Dunder-Mifflin.[scoffs] Paper company. They're only one of Staples' top competitors in the area.Whoa. Really? Have you heard of paper?[to customer] Well, that question is meaningless. Just go with the copy paper. It's your funeral. See how that works out for you.Hey.Same old.Oh my God, she told you?Accepted.[scoffs] The boss isn't funny.I don't get to wear my ties.So?I don't want to do your laundry anymore.Thank you.You did this for me? [camera pans to 'Welcome Back Oscar' sign]Oh, man. [Kevin starts to put a blindfold on] No, no, no. I don't need it. Get out! [beats up pinata]How do you know it's going to be a boy?[Shakes head]Ow.What if he's a murderer?Maybe that's how you die.I want to do this.Action.Alright! Uh! [Spanks himself]What?I'm on it.Ruddy cheeks, thick calves, no tats, no moles, no tats.  No, TATS.  Of course I want-Leave me alone and get the male stripper.I knew you would, Nancy.No preference, what do you think redhead or brunette?Nice.  Do you have any blonde women?Yes.  Jennifer Garner portrayed one on Alias.  It was one of her many aliases.Okay, I specifically ordered a stripper.Oh, okay good.  Well in the future please identify yourself as such.[Reading the text message] Is she hot?  Text back, 'Kind of.'I do!  I want some man meat!Elizabeth, I want you to sit here.  When the phone rings, answer it.We hired you for three hours work and we're going to get it.Care for a piece of chocolate?Who is the king of Austria?Who is the king of Prussia?Who is the king of England?I don't care what Jim says, that is not the real Ben Franklin.  I am 99% sure.Are you near sighted or far sighted?GAH!!!What do you think?Okay.SureInbwit? Yes.[Windows reboot sound] [Dwight holds out his hand, sighs]I...I don't know. My mouth tastes so bad all of a sudden. [nasty, dry mouth-smaking noise]Hello, Angela.You look as beautiful as the Queen of England.The Shrutes have their own traditions.   We usually marry standing in our own graves. Makes the funerals very romantic, but the weddings are a bleak affair.Why are all these people here? There are too many people on this Earth. We need a new plague. Who are all these people?No way.Of course I saw it.I saw Wedding Crashers accidentally. I bought a ticket for Grizzly Man and went into the wrong theatre. After an hour, I figured I was in the wrong theatre, but I kept waiting. That's the thing about bear attacks, they come when you least expect it.Once again, Jim, I will take care of this. I will locate the wedding crashers and report them to Phyllis. That way I won't have to get her a gift.It's a miracle.Best of luck, Phyllis. Also I'm going to need to see a copy of the guest manifest as well as photographs of the caterers.Dammit, Phyllis!Scuse me, sir. How do you know the happy couple?The bride and groom? What are their names?Oh I get it, I get it, come on, freeloader. Let's move it. Come on. Come on.Got to find yourself another wedding to crash, my friend.I can't let you in, Michael.No, it's Bob and Phyllis' orders.You are a real life wedding crasher and I must bounce you. I'm sorry, it gives me no pleasure.Don't be an idiot.' Changed my life.Whenever I'm about to do something, I think, 'Would an idiot do that?' And if they would, I do not do that thing....Oh my God. Animal stool. [jumps on desk]Solving a mystery, if that's quite alright with you. [opens ceiling tile] Come to Papa. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, what we have here is a bird that has been trapped in a vent. Fortunately I have found it befo--BAT! BAAAT! BAT!BAAAAT! BAT! NO! EVERYONE REMAIN CALM! There it goes!We have... a bat... in the office.At Six?! No, that is unacceptable. Okay, Jim, you are the number two in this office. You need to step up and show some leadership.What? What's so wierd?[sighs] This is your job, Halpert.No... no. One crisis at a time.If a vampire bat was in the U.S., it would make sense for it to come to a 'sylvania.' Like PENN-sylvania. Now that doesn't mean that Jim is going to become a vampire. Only that he carries the vampiric germ.I don't have a lot of experience with vampires, but I have hunted werewolves. I shot one once. But by the time I got to it, it had turned back into my neighbor's dog.Extraordinary events call for extraordinary actions. We form an allegiance----to use sudden violence.Do you have the tools to turn a wooden mop handle into a stake?Flush him towards the door. On my go... NOW!Animal control? I've been controlling animals since I was six.Goodbye Jim. And good luck.Jim is on a path now. An eternal journey, and I wish him well. But I have a destiny in this realm. Specifically, in the kitchen.Magic time. Gyeeeaahhh! [puts bag over Meredith's head]Hold still, woman!...[captures bat in bag] ... You're welcome.BAT!What is a leader? I asked Jim that, and he said he had never heard the word before. In America, in 2007. He said he knew the word ladder... What an ignoramous.You want rabies? Be my guest.Yes. But this [pulls at straight jacket] seems to be...I know how. Dislocate his shoulder and slip his arm out from underneath.[trumpet sounds]It's early bird gets the worm.Let me smell. [Michael breathes at Dwight] Good, not great.Thanks for inviting me along.Hello, Jan.Talk to you later, Jan.Salad.You dressed exactly like the servants.Wait. I don't think yours will fit me.That would have been really embarrassing.Crisis averted.It's from both of us.Oh, you know that line on the top of the shrimp? That's feces.Do you ever watch Battlestar Galactica?No? Then you are an idiot.What's the square footage?Does that include the garage?I'm just...It's a common question.These old colonials are great, when they're sound. I'd love to take a look around.Cool, let's start with the banisters.Huh. [Bangs on wall] Yeah, these studs are way too far apart. What's in here? [Opens door].Just the one window?Are those real pearls?[tests smoke detector] Good.Oh good, you're up. Hey, who makes this chair?I want one. It's got good solid construction. Comfortable. What is this? Oak?What do you know?The chimney is in decent shape. Not great. I found some termite damage in a crawl space and some structural flaws in the foundation so all in all, it was a pretty fun cocktail party.Don't break up you guys, you're great together.Why would the architect design stairs this wide?  Was there an obese family in here before you?How convenient.Space shuttle. Which one?  Oh, Atlantis.  Good thing it's not the Discovery.  You play soccer?Pam, please call security!Everyday, for eight years, I have brought pepper spray into this office to protect myself and my fellow employees.  And everyday, for eight years, people have laughed at me.  Well, who's laughing now? [Dwight blinks and winces in pain from the pepper spray]Thank you not necessary and thus, not accepted.  I saw someone breaking the law and I interceded.Don't want it.Don't want it.  Won't open it.  Don't need it.  Won't take it.  Citizens do not accept prizes for being citizens.No, don't call me a hero.  Do you know who the real heroes are?  The guys who wake up every morning, and go into their normal jobs, and get a distress call from the commissioner, and take off their glasses and change into capes and fly around fighting crime.  Those are the real heroes.I saw the perpetrator advance toward the victim at a high rate of speed.  His head was thrown back, his shoulder and arm cocked indicating an attack position.  Perp grabbed the victim.  I removed my weapon from its secure hiding place.Irrelevant.  Discharged it at a distance of a little over a meter into the perpetrator's eyes, nose, and face area.  Rendering him utterly and completely disabled.  Then I contacted the authorities.  The end.When Han Solo returns to the Death Star in the Millennium Falcon, and shoots down the TIE fighters and saves the Rebel cause, do you think he does so for a free beer?No.  And why are you so interested in buying me something Jim, what's your angle?What's this?Certificate of Bravery, from the Scranton Police Department.  'Recognizing outstanding citizenship from a very brave young man.  Dwight K. Schrute'Please.  They hand these out to little kids.  Look.  There's a teddy bear in a policeman's cap.Really?Mm, good stuff.Sounds... fun. [they kiss, Jim walks out of the bathroom and sees]No need to thank me.I am not a hero.  I am a mere defender of the office.  You know who's a real hero?  Hiro, fromYes, I have decided to shun Andy Bernard for the next three years.  Which I'm looking forward to.  It's an Amish technique.  It's like slapping someone with silence.  I was shunned from the age of four until my sixth birthday... for not saving the excess oil from a can of tuna.Jim, could you please inform Andy Bernard that he is being shunned.Ok, tell him that's not true.Ok, no.  Jim, tell him that bears can climb faster than they can run.  Jim!  Tell him!Damn you.Yeah!Idiots!  God, what are we gonna do!?Wolves.Visual aids.A quilt.  Depression quilt?[on the roof] Okay, let's do this thing!  I'll go summon the troops!We measured it once...Seedless?Ready?[drops watermelon, watermelon bounces off trampoline, onto a car, bursts, car alarm sounds]Okay.Got it.We're not allowed to use the baler.I'm on it!I'm temporarily lifting the shun.It means nothing.  I need you to do something for me.Okay, calm down.  I need you to acquire an inflatable house, and/or castle.What do you think?  You've got an hour.Shunning resumed.Un-shun.  Yeah that sounds good.  Re-shun.Oh yeah, this is much better.  Safer.  Excellent decision.When you land, try and land like an eight year-old.  These bouncy castles are not designed for adults.Do you wanna do another test?  I got plenty of watermelons in my trunk!That's right!  Doing!  Totally doing!  It's rock n' roll!Yeah![imitating the sound and playing an air guitar] Near near near near near![singing] Michael is awesome!  Jumpin' off the roof![singing] Bouncin' on the bouncy bounce!  Show 'em who's boss![singing] Rip a hole in the suuuuuuun![out of breath] Guys!  Listen up!  Michael is up on the roof, and acting strange![hesitates] Un-shun.  I think he's suffering from depression. Re-shun.Un-shun.  Never.  Re-shun.  I think he wants you all to come out to the parking lot and watch him die!It's gorgeous.  Let's go!No really, it's, it's very nice.  Come on!Everybody's gonna be fine in exactly what they're wearing, let's go!  Let's go![outside] Come on, hurry up you guys![on megaphone] Michael, what's wrong?!Depression?  Isn't that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out?Is that the last year the data was available?Don't do anything rash!I didn't... [Dwight runs up to the side of the building] I didn't think you needed them for this part.you said to just...Okay, I'm on it!Attention blue collar workers!Michael's up on the roof and he's acting strange!Michael!  What's wrong?Depressed?  Isn't that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out?No, there's nothing to see over there, people!  There's nothing to see.  ...They found the castle, Michael.Okay, uh... I don't see anything.  She might be bluffing.Oh... It's uh, a Repliee Q1 Expo female robot, they're only available in Japan.Come on.Step lively. Single file everybody.Let's single...Single... OK.Buddy system, everyone buddy up, find a buddy.[sighs]No it was not. Remind me again, what was the fight exactly, who was it between, and what was the outcome?Right.Argh!Ghaaa!Can you tell Andy to focus on the springs? Please.OK, ahh, turn around, and do a broad jump for me on go. Ready... Go! One Mississ... OK, you went that far on one Mississ. Ippi would take you to here. This trajectory times the propulsion from your quadriceps would be about three Mississippi, maybe three and a quarter. So one Mississ... correct... ippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi... e. Right here.OK, if he's not down by four, I'll get the papers up to him.Come on pretty boy.It's only leased, and it's got rust damage, he'll never get his deposit back.That's a ridiculous question.Well that's debatable.  There are basically two schools of thought---Bears do not--- What is going on--- What are you doing?!You know what?  Imitation is the most sincere form of flattery, so I thank you. [Jim places a bobble-head on his desk]  Identity theft is not a joke, Jim!  Millions of families suffer every year!Oh, that's funny.  MICHAEL!Cri-Man-Squa?Yes!  You are entering the 'No Spin Zone!'Not! [scoffs]On it.  OK, Karen, Ryan, Pam, center stage.  Pam, run a comb through your hair.First rule in road-side beet sales: Put the most attractive beets on top.  The ones that make you pull the car over and go, 'Wow, I need this beet right now.'  Those are the money beets.[Chad Lite walks in the door] [to Office workers] Hey!  [snaps twice] Look sharp!  [to Chad Lite] Hey!  Uh, Hi.  Hello, Dwight Schrute.And you must be uh, from the Washington Post.And 'Breaking Corporate News.'Oh, dear God.  OK, here are your credentials.  You've been granted level three security clearance.Don't get too excited, that's out of 20.  Right this way.  Regional Manager Michael Scott will be addressing the client in the press room shortly.  Have a seat, can I get you a beverage?[shuts door on him] Great.Emergency dentist appointment.[snaps picture with his camera phone] You look good in this.May I point out that the sex appeared to be consensual?  Both animals were smiling.I grew up on a farm.  I have seen animals having sex in every position imaginable.  Goat on chicken.  Chicken on goat.  Couple of chickens doin' a goat, couple of pigs watching.  Whoever drew this got it exactly right.It's non-transferable...Uh, you could never withstand a SWAT team.I'm just saying...They would flank you.  Throw in a concussion grenade.You would be on the ground, blind, deaf, dumb.Cut.[walks in dressed as Jim] Pam.[scoffs] Pssssh.  I look like an idiot. Hey Karen.Yeah, that's cause I'm... you're boyfriend, Jim Halpert.  Hey, Karen, wanna get t-together later and have sexual intercourse cause you're my girlfriend?I'm Jim Halpert. [more horrible 'Jim faces']Ah-luh-luh, a little comment.  Muh.Hello, CNN? I need to speak to your Scranton-area bureau chief? All right, then the bureau chief for the Greater Wilkes-Barre area? How about, ah, Lackawanna County. Okay, Northeastern Pennsylvania then. This is extremely urgent! No... you put[whispering] Say you're sorry times infinity......'cause there's no comeback for that.I don't believe in apologies. When someone in the yakuza makes a mistake, they cut off a portion of their own pinky finger. And in that way, save face. And knowing the Japanese, they probably get an even better prosthetic finger. With a knife you can take out of it, or a screwdriver or a corkscrew.Very well [hangs up phone]. I just got a call from Debbie Brown over at the mill. She claims innocence and is willing to come over here and defend herself.You're right. Mercy is for girl-babies. Time to put this dog down.Final touch-ups.Yeah.I don't know...[coughs]...to the fullest extent of the law [hangs up phone]. Listen up, everyone! I just got off the phone with the mill.  Final responsibility for Watermark-gate has been assigned. Floor manager Debbie Brown has officially been terminated. Lets give a big hand to Creed Bratton, without whose earnest and diligent sleuthing this scandal might never have been resolved [claps].That is a demerit.You've gotta learn, Jim. You are second in command, but that does not put you above the law.[scoffs] Let's put it this way. You do not want to receive three of those.Three demerits and you'll receive a citation.Oh, it is serious. Five citations and you're looking at a violation. Four of those and you'll receive a verbal warning. Keep it up, and you're looking at a written warning. Two of those, that'll land you in a world of hurt... in the form of a disciplinary review written up by me and placed on the desk of my immediate superior.That is correct.What's a dis... what's that?[jumps out of his chair and runs for the door] Move!Employees of this office are very small and delicate. Deserve  protection from local pervs. Better 1,000 innocent men are locked up than one guilty man roam free.Agreed. Let me show you what I've been working on.[lays a folder full of pictures on Michael's desk] There are several penises there I'd love Phyllis to run her eyes over. You know, see if we can catch this pervert.Look at that one.Due to a recent incident involving Phyllis, a man, a map, and his penis - I think you know what I'm referring to - Michael has authorized me to form an emergency anti-flashing task force.Answer: No, because this is being given priority one. This is a petition for the business park to upgrade their security cameras as well as install two floodlights in the parking lot. And I know... I know what you're thinking. [Pam nods] Won't that just shed more light on the penises? But that is a risk we have to take. Pam. You can draw, kind of. Why don't you work with  Phallus on drawing a picture of the exposer that I can post around the community?Phyllis, sorry. I've got penises on the brain. Back to work, everybody.Attention. I am removing all bananas from the kitchen.Desperate times call for desperate measures.Yes. Did you hear that, Michael?[eating banana] Mm, less than three.You know what? Why doesn't Oscar run the meeting? He's a homosexual.Those are collectible action figures and they're worth more than your car.AlienI wish I could menstruate.If I could menstruate, I wouldn't have to deal with idiotic calendars anymore. I'd just be able to count down from my previous cycle. Plus, I'd be more in tune with the moon and the tides.Have you finished with the sketch?Hmm, doesn't seem like the type.Hmm.[Pam's sketch looks like Dwight with a mustache, but without his glasses] I plan on plastering this pervert's face everywhere. You can run, but you cannot hide.Of course you do, moon face. That's because you're a preppy freak, you're the office pariah, and nobody likes you. So start hanging these all around the building.No, duh. That's why we gotta catch him. Start hanging those.More like, 'Aye, aye, General.'[marks Scranton  with a red pushpin on a map of Pennsylvania and exhales] This is what weYeah, I do. 'Cause justice never rests.No. Wholesies. [snatches the candy bar]Natch. [bites off a lot of candy bar]You know, I may have underestimated you. You're not a total ass. [coughs][phone rings] Dunder-Mifflin paper/sex predator hotline, this is Dwight Schrute.Jim, what are you doing? I'm busy.Ugh. I'm hanging up.You have information about the sex predator?Where?[hangs up and runs to the women's bathroom] Anti-flashing task force! Above the sink. Above the sink. Hmm. [sees himself in the mirror with two black marks on the mirror making a mustache, removes his glasses and figures it out] PAM!I got nothing cooking, it's cooked.  It's borscht and its served cold.If you are trying to kiss my ass, I would not suggest it.  Believe me, you do not want to kiss this ass.I will never be your vichyssoise.Lets go, fall out, let's go.  Move, move, move, move, move.OK, where does it hurt?No, that's not how it works. You have to point to a specific part of the body.[reading from screen] 'Abdomen. Menses.'The uterus contracts after your egg passes through it.'Oh, is it possible you ate food that contained animal waste?Yes! Funtivities! I knew it wasn't just a trip to the beach.I hope there will be management parables.Yes!I choose Michael!OK, temp.We will be called Gryffindor.Slytherin are the bad guys, Jim.He-who-must-not-be-named? I wouldn't do that.OK, seriously. You really shouldn't be saying that.[to Ryan] Come on!  Come on! Andale! Arriba! Arriba!What are you saying?OK, I apologize for yelling at you.I am trying to bring team spirit.[at Ryan holding egg in spoon] Let's go! Let's go! Come on! Mush! Mush! Come on you bastard! [Ryan takes off blindfold and throws it to ground along with egg and spoon] What the? Damn it temp!It's very good for you. [overlapping talk from all at table]You're leaving?Damn it!Sabotage.No. I was saying that before. Not now.  Now I am saying sabotage. The ancient Dutch art of screwing up your own team.If Michael organizes some kind of group hug, stand next to me.[Andy and Dwight sumo wrestle] Gaaaaa....Yaaaaa! Yaaaaa!Gryffindor! Gryffindor!That's not why you lost.Yeah, right.[bouncing off of Andy] Aaaagh! Uggggh! How do you like that?No! It's okay. I will do this Michael.[walking on coals] I will walk and stand on these coals until you award me the position of regional manager![standing still, on the coals] GIVE ME THE JOB!  GIVE ME THE JOB![falling on his knees, then on all fours] Aaagh, aaagh!Aggggh, that stings!The Aristocrats. A man and his wife and his children go into the offices of a talent agency. And the talent agent says, 'Describe your act.' And the man says something really, really raunchy and the talent representative says, 'What do you call yourselves?' And the man says, 'The Aristocrats!'[finishes story] I mean truly repulsive acts.Seat belts fastened, folks. Safety first. Hey what is all this?If I guess, will you tell me?Please?Is that a sumo suit?I know, we're putting on a play for Japanese investors.Please tell me. I've been so good...Please.Please.I do!I do!Let's go.[Dwight knocks Stanley down] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Eat sand, you fat, old man!You wanted to see me?But that's my name. [opens letter and reads] Dwight, congratuations a-wipe.  Don't screw the pooch. [begins to cry]  Thank you.[cries harder] Thank you, Michael.[sobbing, holding letter to chest] Thank you so much.[sobbing] Thank you.How would you like to spend the night with the Regional Manager of Dunder-Mifflin, Scranton?No, no, not Michael. [whispers] Me. I'm taking his job.[squeezing hand grips] Jim, Jim, Jim.  Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim.I am gonna be your new boss. [laughs] It's my greatest dream come true.  Welcome to the Hotel Hell.  Check in time is now.  Check out time is never.No. And the sheets are made of fire.Sorry, we're all booked up. Hell convention in town.I'll have to talk to the manager.I'm the owner.  The co-owner. With Satan!Yeah, but I haven't told you my salary yet.Eighty thousand dollars a year.Once I'm officially Regional Manager my first order of business will be to demote Jim Halpert. So I will need a new number two.  My ideal choice? Jack Bauer. But he is unavailable. Fictional. And overqualified.Yes you will.Okay, everyone, listen up! [claps]  Time to begin the interview process! [looks at sign-up sheet, only contains Andy's name]  Andrew Bernard.No! Hey, hey, hey, hey!  Do not wish them luck.  Do not wish them luck.  All luck must be wished unto Michael.What did I say!?I am going to begin this process with a simple test of intelligence and mental dexterity.  What is the best color?Wrong.  Black.  It is the most dominant.  How do you make a table?What is the capital of Maine?Okay, also, moratorium on Cornell talk.  Don't wanna hear about it.  Forget your personal history, and learn the history of this company.You're not off to a very good start, Bernard.[Andy and Dwight arm-wrestle, Andy is about to win] Time! No, you failed.This interview is over. I'll let you know.[Dwight clicks off tape player] Who's ready to work?Michael is gone.My first order of business: make Andrew Bernard my number two.As if you had a choice. [scoffs] Duh. [scoffs] Opportunity of a lifetime. [spits chew into Michael's World's Best Boss mug]You showed great leadership potential at the coal walk.  Even if you did follow it with that embarrassing personal confession.I had to make Andy my number two.  It's political, complicated, you wouldn't understand.  I want you... to be Assistant Regional Manager.Well, in a sense.  Although, publicly I am going to retain the Assistant Regional Manager position.Correct, I need someone I can trust.  But I would also like the title... to be secretly applied to you.  Just stripped of its pomp and frills.Mmmmmm, let's call it Secret AssistantDo you accept?Listen up!  Come to the center of the room, please.  This... [holds up paper that resemles a sheet sized dollar bill with Dwight's face in the middle] is a Schrute Buck.  When you have done something good, you will receive one Schrute Buck.  One thousand Schrute Bucks... equals an extra five minutes for lunch.Excellent question, Pam.  1/100th of a cent.Just... zip your lid!  Another announcement.  Michael wasted an enormous amount of the group's time and patience with non-work related ethnic celebrations and parades of soft-minded dogoodedness.  No longer.  No more meetings!Instead, today I will begin my first lecture in a long series of lectures designed to increase your knowledge on the world of paper.Yes!  Michael is gone.  There's a new sheriff here in these offices, and his name is 'me.'  Conference room!  Ten seconds!  All of you!Listen up.  Let's start... from the groundTrees!  And where do trees grow?Soil. Right.  We have, in front of you here, seven different types of Pennsylvania top soil.  Now, what would you say... is the most important element in the production of above ground leafy growth?  Probably phosphorus, right? [Angela smiles, shakes her head 'no']  Wrong!  It's nitrogen!  Absorb this information.  Good!  Now, let us discuss precipitation.  Stanley!  When rainfall occurs, does it usually fall in a liquid, solid, or gaseous... state?Very good!  You have earned one Schrute Buck.Then you have been deducted 50 Schrute Bucks!We--- Don't you wanna earn Schrute Bucks?What's the ratio of Stanley Nickels to Schrute Bucks?Okay---What---No wait, what are you doing?!No, no, no, wait!  Class is not canceled.Zip your lid!It's like outerspace without the stars, it's so black. [laughs]It's so intimidating!  Anyone who comes in here... is gonna have to take me seriously.  Abandon all hope, ye who enter here!To intimidate my subordinates.It was Andy's idea.Pam, hello.I wanted to thank you... for helping me, when you held the title, Secret Assistant to the Regional Manager.  You served the office with great dignity. [Pam salutes Dwight, Dwight returns the salute]Define scorched earth policy.Nyah ah! Too long!  What is the Dharma Initiative?Wrong.  It is a corporation formed by aliens.Who was the second man on the moon?Inventor of the cotton gin.Talk me through an appendectomy.Step 5, [talking over Andy, indistinct] ...the wound.When is the Paleolithic Age?What is a scented candle?How is the new boss?  Tough.  Do people respect him?  They have to.  Do they like him?  Irrelevant.  They do not.  And I hate them back.Where?No need we can just check the security tapes.It's only Meredith.Hey... Why did you do it?Was she talkin' back?Did you get sick of that face? Did she owe you money? Uh-oh. Is this downsizing? Did she spurn your advances?Hey monkey, what's up?Sure.Check to see if she's faking. If a car hit me, it wouldn't crack my pelvis. You know what; I bet she cracked it at home. Jumped in front of the car to get some workers comp.So what do you need me to do?Mm-hmm.Hey monkey.Well you left the TV on, and your cat is dead.Sparkles, the white one, is dead.That was the sick one, right?No.Really dead. Like a... just a dead cat.So... Hey come on, don't be sad, just... OK... just. She's in a better place.Actually the place that she's in is the freezer, because of the odor.She's only a cat.Cats do not provide milk or wool or meat.No, I have not.I do not respect her, but I will go.As a farmer, I know that when an animal is sick, sometimes the right thing to do is to put it out of its misery. With the electricity we're using to keep Meredith alive we could power a small fan for 2 days. You tell me what's unethical.Blink once if you want me to pull the plug.Are you a doctor, or a male nurse?Pfft... Her chart doesn't indicate that she had a hysterectomy but she did, or at least she got time off for one.Just doing my job.So, just to be safe they are giving her the rabies vaccine.Mm-hmm.No, no. You've gotta be bitten by something.Actually the doctor said it was lucky she came in to the hospital, cause the only way to beat rabies, is to start treatment before the symptoms set in... Lock jaw.[Angela runs into Dwight] Oww!You're taking this out on me, but I was only the messenger.[sighs] You'll feel better after the 5k. Exercise is good for depression.Well I don't know, on the other hand it does leave less money for bat birth control.Wait, this money is going to bat birth control, right Michael, that's what you told me when I contributed.Maybe we should just skip the ceremony and setup a college fund for Meredith's son.Mm-hmm.On your marks, get set...You've got nothing to worry about, I put Imodium in Toby's coffee before the race.How ya feeling, better?Well you look cute as a button. You've worked up quite a sweat.I am a farmer Angela.OK, when a farmer sees an animal that is in pain, that has no quality of life, that has no utility, a farmer does what city folk don't have the stomach to do.I... I sang her, her favorite songs.It was beautiful and gentle and respectful. I fed her antihistamines and she gradually fell asleep.Well I'm not responsible for that!Hey, Oww! [looks around to onlookers] It's OK.It's nothing, I'm robbing her.It's fine. What?I thought I was helping you. I expected a hug. I took care of that cat, the best way I knew how.I know a great taxidermist. I'll pay to have her stuffed. Well he's not great, but he's pretty good.Or we can have her buried out at the east field, by mother. Huh, Angela?Question: Has anyone recently offended a Gypsy?Mmm.  [nods]My cousin Mose's best friend was a dog.  One day, he was foaming at the mouth, so I had to shoot him dead.  Turns out, he had only eaten one of Mose's cream pies.  Did I feel bad for killing him?  No.  That's how you deal with a thief.What?I don't see it. I think they both could do better.To give you this [reveals a cat from under a coat].It's a feral barn cat. I trapped him last night and I'm giving him to you as a replacement cat for the one I destroyed.And his name is... Garbage. Mose calls him Garbage because he likes to eat garbage. [shakes cat] Don't you Garbage? [makes chomping noises]You haven't buried her yet?Garbage can be very helpful. OK, he's a youthful cat. He killed an entire family of raccoons. [holds cat towards Angela] Look at him.What if we don't want to use a Blackberry because they are stupid and pointless?Got it. [Andy's hand goes up]Hello.Really?I'll make a reservation. No, no. Let me cook for you. Cauliflower and noodles. Baked potato on the side.Oh, yeah. Yes!I'm gonna live for a very long time. My grandma Schrute lived to be 101. My grandpa Manheim is 103, and still puttering around in Argentina. I tried to go visit him once, but my travel visa was protested by the Shoah Foundation.Are you enjoying your vegetarian noodles?Dry. Delicious.Oh, that's funny.Are you enjoying your mineral water?Then don't look in my eyes. Look right here [points to middle of forehead above the eyes], it's an old sales trick.No, please don't do this, monkey.Dry rot?Excuse me, Angela. Michael asked me to turn in these reciepts for these gift basket items.You're welcome.Yes... [whispers] I miss you.Fine. [sighs] Then I just want to be friends.Plus a little extra. Also, I love you.Michael, wait. Let me go.Please, let me go. I need to win those clients back. [camera moves around and zooms in at Angela's face] Please.Yeah.Thank you.[in Michael's car] Sweet ride, American made. What happened to the Sebring?Ah, that's a pain in the ass.Larry Myers. Left us six months ago for Office Depot.Why do you use that thing? Let's them know where you are at all times.The government, spy satellites, private detectives... exgirlfriends. [sobs and then starts to cry]Yes, yes we know but we just have not gotten over you.And we are dedicated to providing you with the very best customer service, the very best personal business relationship we can if you ever decide to come back to us.Please, come back.Remember what we had Larry?I don't know. Sometimes people are just impossible and they make you miserable.Like Angela in accounting.Ugh... no, she's wonderful... at accounting. But she drives me crazy.You don't know?He's not coming back, it's over Michael.Accept it, why would he come back?That's not gonna change his mind. He's moving on. We had our chance and we killed it.[in Michael's car] Well we're O for six. Last chance is the Elmhurst country club. Other side of the lake, on the southeast side.That's how it goes sometimes, you know? You lose everything and everything falls apart and eventually you die and no one remembers you.Wait wait wait! No no no! It means bear right, up there.No no no, look, it means go up to the right, bare right, over the bridge and hook up with 307.It can't mean that! There's a lake there!This is the lake!No, it's--- there's no road here! [car drives into lake]Remain calm! I have trained for this! [unfastens seat belt] Okay, exit the window! [Dwight and Michael exit through the window] Here we go! Look out for leeches! [swims toward Michael] Are you okay?! Swim for it! I got you! [Dwight grabs onto Michael while Michael opens the back door for the camera man] Michael! Michael!I got you, I got you! [Michael and Dwight reach the ground]Fine.Did you get the rental insurance? Because that is pretty important too at a time like this.I'll call a cab. [brings out cell phone]Look at that, still works. Old fashioned cell phone.[speaking on the cell phone] Yes, we need a cab at Lake Scranton, at the end of East Mountain Road, in the lake.Yes!Take a stand!It's real simple. If you don't appreciate what we do, then give us back our basket.Can you call us a cab please, I'm gonna [gets water from his clothes on the couch] Oops, sorry!Nice leather, oh my shoes are so muddy! [rubs shoes on couch][enters nearby room] Excuse me I have an announcement to make. We seem to be missing a box of chocolate turtles with peacons, and we will not be leaving the premises until we obtain them. Hand. Over. The. Turtles. Now![leaving] We'll bill you.Yes, I did, but I do not intend to use it.  It is pointless technology.Printing press.  Tractor.  Mechanical thresher.  Telephone.  Airplane.  The only inventions that matter.They fall under the category of airplanes.Correct.That's an excellent analogy.[scoffs] Vaccines are for chumps!My mom didn't believe in vaccines.  I got my smallpox the old-fashioned way.  And I survived.  So... joke's on you hospitals.That's ridiculous.  I'm not going to be beaten by a website.Really?  'Cause Ryan says so?I can make more sales than a computer.  In fact, I challenge that website to make more sales than me today.You believe a computer can beat me?Well I will prove you wrong.We'll see.Hmm.  Very nice.  Very nice.Just ignore him.I just feel like we need something more to acknowledge when I make a sale.Go to my car.  Open the trunk.  Inside you will see many pelts.  Under the smallest one is a case.  Inside that case is a bear horn.  Bring it to me.Got it.  Carb up.Hey, you wanna win?  You gotta fuel like a winner.Uhyeaahhh!  Hello, Susan?  Dwight Schrute.Today I'm prepared to give you 15% off our normal prices.Three reams! Yoohoo... in your face, machines.What if I told you I could offer free shipping?  Sure.  I'll hold.It appears that the website has become alive.  This happens to computers and robots sometimes.  Am I scared of a stupid computer?  Please.  The computer should be scared of me!  I have been salesman of the month for 13 out of the last 12 months.  You heard me right.  I did so well last February that Corporate gave me 2 plaques in lieu of a pay raise.Ohhhhhh!No, I realize you normally reorder in November, but what I'm suggesti... you did what?  Ah no!  That's exactly what you're not supposed to do, damnit!  Why would you reorder from a computer when you can have the personal touch of a salesman?  Ahhhhh. [hangs up phone]Fine.  Good.Yeah.I do not look worried.What are you doing?  I am in the fight of my life against this computer and every sale counts.Damnit Kelly!  It knows!  It knows what you did!Return it!  Return it now!Y... You don't understand. If... okay, if this makes the difference, I'm gonna tell it that you were responsible.I am not a bad person.  When I left Staples, I took some of their leads with me but I never intended to use them.  What did I intend to do with them?  Who knows?  Maybe keep them as a souvenir.  Maybe use them.Yes, Mr. Galliado.  How would you like to pay ten percent less for paper than you're paying right now?  It's not important how I got your information.  What is important is that you say yes.  Good.Perfect.  So let me just get some basic information from you. Mmmhmm.I'm sorry.  Am, so sorry.  I... yes.  Uh, could you repeat that?Yesss!  Ten reams for the US District Court!  Did I happen to mention the forty reams for the battered women's shelter?Huh?!Did you see the board?Yes!Woo!Reams. Wait. Say it. Say it again.  Announce it again.No no no the first part.Hey.  So. What do you think?  I did it for you.You didn't have to.I think she's efficient.I hadn't noticed.[impatient sigh]I think it's inappropriate to date someone you work with.No.  I think you should date Kelly.Uh, she works in the annex.  You're also welcome to date Toby.I've seen this kid before. He's one the kids who sneaks on my farm and steals my hemp.We're a paper company.  The best paper company in the whole wide world.What did you just call him?What did you say?I can make him talk, Michael.Listen up kid.  [pops balloon with his hands]  I don't like you, but because some town in Switzerland says so, you have rights.Hey!It's just ice, it'll melt all over the floor.[smiles][kicks open bathroom door] If you're going number one you've got ten more seconds!Ahh-chaa!I'm just scaring him.  The trick is to make him think you're going to do something to him.Shut up, or I'm going to punch you in the throat!You had to, what other choice did you have?Well, yeah.What will you do?Yeah.So, I'm paying full price?Here we go, sixty-five.  You know what?  There's two more.Now what?Alright.  Oh, I assume I'm going to be reimbursed for the pizzas.Blah.Uhh.What?Coopers has calamari.Tokyo?Yes.Okay.Nice.Woo-hoo.Yum.Later on.And I spent so much time in Scranton and I never sold any paper.I started a fire with my cheese pita.I date Indian girls.Now I've got a beard, and I can do whatever I want, and I'm your boss.I don't get that, I don't understand that.Yeah, let's go.[Dwight come into office unshaven]  What?It's called being a man.  You should try it sometime.I was born a man, Halpert.I stopped shaving because my girlfriend broke up with me.  Am I in pain?  Hell, yeah.  But I'll tell you something, I thrive in pain.  I love pain.  To me, pain is not pain at all.  No.  It is pure pleasure.  And I hate pleasure.  Almost as much as I love pain.  So, yeah, I'm in pain.Hey.  The way I see it, it's getting late, and the only thing standing between you and a warm bed is my friend's pizza discount.  So whattaya say?  [pizza guy stares]  Oh, so that's how it's gonna be.  Well, I can stay here all night if I have to.  I've done it before.[picks up phone]  Dunder Mifflin, Dwight Schrute. Please hold. [opens book, then picks up phone] Schrute Farms, guten tag. How can I help you? Yes, we have availability on those nights. How many in your party? Oh no, I'm sorry, no king beds. No queen either. Well, we make our own mattresses that don't conform to the traditional sizes. Closest would be twin. Thank you so much for calling. Call back again. Aufedersein!None of your business, Jim.It is not a B and B.Agrotourism is a lot more than a bed and breakfest. It consists of tourists coming to a farm, showing them around, giving them a bed, giving them brekafest.I'm not telling you anything. [lookings into the camera] Permits are pending. [phone rings] Dwight Schrute, Dunder Mifflin.Okay, this is a mis-use of company phones.Where did you read that?Trip Advisor is the life blood of the Agrotourism industry. A couple of bad reviews there, you might as well close up shop. That's what took down the Stalk Inn. One of the cutest little asparagus farms you'll ever see.How many in your party?We offer tours of the fields, and of the barn. Uh, perhaps you'll be interested in, um, Mose's table making demonstration?One cardigan, one sleeping cardigan and one sleep apnea mask.You took that with you.You are incorrect. I was recently scrubbing my room of memories, and I didn't see it there.My girlfriend and I broke up recently. And I must say, I am relieved. Gives me a chance to sow my wild oats. In the Schrute family, we have a tradition, where when the male has sex with another woman, he is rewarded with a bag of wild oats left on his door step by his parents. You can use these oats to make oatmeal, bread, whatever you want. I don't care, they're your oats.We have three rooms, each with a different theme.American, Irrigation, and Night-Time.I'll put you down for Irrigation. Well then, do you have any special needs or diertary restrictions?No.No. Jim, come on.Mose, bags! Now!Here we are, the Irrigation Room! A very special room. So I'll come get you before the table-making demonstration. And as of this morning, we are completely wireless here in Schrute Farms. But as soon as I find out where Mose hid all the wires, we'll get that power back on. All righty.Mose, what are you doing? No Mose! Put the--- Put the manure down! Put it down! Do not throw it! DO NOT THROW IT! Ow![reading to Jim, Pam, and Mose] And Harry saw the white hand raise its wand, and felt Voldemort's surge of vicious anger. Saw the frail old man on the floor write in agony. 'Harry?' It was over quickly as it had come. Harry stood shaking in the darkness, clutching the gate in the garden, his heart racing.[Jim knocks on Dwight's door, crying stops] Come in. Did you have another nightmare?Oh, Jim. I thought you were Mose.Is everything satisfactory with your stay?Great.Oh. Well I'll look into that in the morning. Thank you for bringing that to the attention of the staff.Pam.I am better than you have ever been or ever will be. [Ryan walks in]Stupid.No.Maybe you should.  Whatever.I'm glad you enjoyed your stay.Uhh-mmm [moaning][incoherent mumbling] No you didn't.Mmm-uh-mm [incoherent mumbling][sobbing, reaches out to Jim after he walked away][takes a ruler and shoves it between his desk and Jim's, knocking Jim's files on the floor]  Hello, this is Dwight Schrute calling from Dunder-Mifflin, and according to our records you appear to be low on office supplies.  Okay, sure, yeah I can take care of that right now.No, [mumbling] I don't know.What?What... [mumbling]I was aware that you were speaking.What is the matter with... me?I'm... discombobulated.I need help.State your business!That is impossible.  Unless you mean gonorrhea.Yes, I did, 'cept I don't think she means it.  Angela is in a great deal of pain because of the death of her cat, and she's in a kind of a grieving process, and it makes her say things.  So... best to just lay off.Stay out of this, you!Yeah, go ahead and stop.  You guys, you should really be looking, he's working his ass off over here.Okay, go ahead, they're right.Arr, dammit!  [throws saw at table he was working on]Second Life is not a game. It is a multi-user virtual environment. It doesn't have points or scores, it doesn't have winners or losers.I signed up for Second Life about a year ago. Back then my life was so great that I literally wanted a second one. In my Second Life I was also a paper salesman and I was also named Dwight. Absolutely everything was the same. Except I could fly. [shot of Dwight's avatar flying around]We cannot talk about this... because, someone might hear us.Angela can stay the same, but we'll change Andy to Dwight.Dwike?Yes.Andy, I can't hear this right now.She called you D?Oh D.[whispers] Oh D.We had already applauded.He looks like your twin.I will know.I won't need to because we'll be together playing hooky.  Yeah.Found him!Egg dripping, blah, blah, blah.Well, gee, Jim, I don't know, I guess there's no sales call today.Yow!He's lying.[throws Jim's cell phone out of the window] Gah-ah-hah-ha!No communication with the outside world Jim.Oh no, that is too bad.  Shoot.Or real bombs.Yeah, come on, it will be so badass.Come on, I already filled the bottles with the gas, it's going to be so badass.I'm peeing in this empty can.Well you said that we couldn't make anymore stops, and I really had to go.Hey, you're making me spray!I think I cut my penis on the lid!Believe it.And if we have to defend ourselves, I will stab the security guy in the eye with the jumbo chalk.Then I'll grind up the jumbo chalk and blow it in his eyes.Okay, Jim.Let's move! Move, move, move, move![from the walkie-talkie] We are climbing some stairs.I'm breathing heavily.Well...There's a security guard coming by.  Hello, we're warehouse workers.  Would you like more proof?I can see the security guard's eyes.I have to do something to his eyes.The eyes are the groin of the head.My hip bone!Don't leave us!Don't leave us, help us, we need help Jim!I'm losing control of my bladder.Did you say Karen?Do not tell Karen about the industrial copier.Listen lady, you can expect these kind of repercussions as long as you keep trying to poach our people.Then we will burn Utica to the ground.Wait!  I wanted to sit next to you.Okay, that is so mean!  You know what, I'm not going.Woohoo![moans] Scranton rules! [sprays Silly Spray]Pam is down for anything.Yeah.  We shoulda brought Andy.  I cut a chunk out of my penis for nothing.[winks] I'm on it. [leaves room]Let's see if any of these will work. [clears the front of Michael's desk]I keep various weaponries strategically placed around the office. I saved Jim's life with a can of pepper spray I had velcroed under my desk. People say, 'Oh, it's dangerous to keep weapons in the home or the work place.' Well I say, 'It's better to be hurt by someone you know accidentally, than by a stranger on purpose.'Do I believe that Michael possesses the skills to survive in a hostile environment? Let's put it this way: no, I do not.No, I would never leave you for dead. You would never escape.I would make sure that you were dead.First, I would remove your teeth and cut off your fingertips so you could not be identified.And they would call me the Overkill Killer.What are you doing?It would be better if you were unconscious.Do you want to do this right or not?We're here. [gets out of the car][leading Michael from car] Here we go. Just the two of us [gestures for camera crew to follow]Here we go, into the wild. Mighty forest. Can you smell the trees and the nature?Keep going, you're fine. Just some bushes and some thickets [leads Michael into some tall grass] Keep going. You wanted wilderness, you got it.Good a spot as any. [They stop and Dwight starts spinning Michael around in circles]I'm just --Spin. I'm trying to confuse your sense of direction. [stops spinning and takes Michael's blindfold off] Behold.Here's your knife. Here's your duct tape.Good luck, Michael.I lied to Michael. I said that I would leave him alone, but I will not. I will remain close by to provide unseen moral support, but I will never help him. I will let harm befall him. I will even let him die. But I will never let him lose his dignity.Michael is a man of great depth and passion. I don't know what he's searching for out here. [pulls a nest from a tree] I hope he finds it. [picks up some bird eggs] Lunch.About two more minutes [cooking bird eggs].Nothing to worry about. Just using the scope. Safety is... [clicks rifle into safety mode] on.Stop! No, no Michael! Nooo! Nooo! [runs up to Michael and knocks him over] Nooo! Arghh. Get, get them out. [picks out mushrooms from Michael's mouth]You wanted to see me?I'm on it.Jim, Michael's office.Now, Jim!And this... is a Hassenfass.  Case-hardened steel.  One side, as sharp as you'd ever want something to be.  The other side serrated for maximum damage.Look at that.  Perfectly balanced.  This is a fine precision instrument.Don't you want a sheath for that?Anything else?  Flint...Parka...Tent, rainfly, gorp...Mmmnnnnmmm...All right! What is going on here?I told you.All of my heroes are table tennis players. Zoran Primorac, Jan-Ove Waldner, Wang Tao, Jrg Rokopf,  and of course Ashraf Helmi. I even have a life size poster of Hugo Hoyama on my wall. And the first time I left Pennsylvania was to go the hall of fame induction ceremony of Andrzej Grubba.Well, he has gone from completely hopeless to simply miserable.Wait a minute, Darryl is the client? ...No, no, no. He works here, dumbass.Thank you Michael.Michael, what time should I be arriving?Does it bother me that I wasn't invited to Michael's dinner party? [breaks down crying]Hello.We came here to eat dinner and to party, this is a dinner party right?So can we come in?Hmmm... Mmm... great turkey leg.Angela, would you like some of my beet salad?Hey hey hey hey. [to Angela] I know you love beet salad. I've seen you eat it many times.Purely carnal and that's all you need to know.Fine. Get outta here.Get out of my way, I'll take care of this. OK.[to police] Uhhh what seems to be the problem officers?[puts his hand on the Officer's shoulder] Michael can come home with me.You people. [to Michael] Come on. You're sleeping with me.I'm gonna take you home Michael.Alright. [leads Michael away]I'll tell you about my ideal dinner party. John Wilkes Booth. Lee Harvey Oswald. Osama Bin Laden. John Wayne Gacy. Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer. 'Oh hey guys, welcome to my home. Oh, here comes the waiter with the soup, hope you guys are hungry.' Meanwhile, the waiter suddenly nods at me. [Dwight nods] But I don't acknowledge him. But I know he's an assassin because I trained him. Boom. Two minutes later, five dead psychopaths at my dining room table. All that's left to do is dispose of the bodies and collect the reward. Ugh, it's almost too easy.Michael's dinner party is for couples only, which is why I wasn't initially invited.  But that was then.  I very recently entered into a serious, monogamous relationship.  [looking around] If that idiot ever gets here.[gets up from chair] Write legibly people.OK, I have collected the rest of the ladies.I wrote that. Michael, you shouldn't have to settle. This is my pledge to you. I will find her and I will bring her to you and as God as my witness, she shall bear your fruit.[on phone] That is fantastic. Thank you, thank you very much. This is just what I needed.The furniture company gave me the name of the advertising agency. They gave me the name of the photographer. The photographer, a Spaniard, used a Wilkes-Barre modeling agency. The agency gave me the following information. [reads from notepad] Deborah Shoshlefski. 142 South Windsor Lane. Dead. Car accident. Case closed.She was so young and now she is dead. As dead as every dead animal who has ever died.Why don't you sit down? Michael... come on. [gets up and leads Michael to sit in his chair] Here we go. Yeah.Jim, how dare you. [Jim's face is in shock]You know what you need? Closure.There was a woman in your life who affected you very deeply, and she left before you could say good bye. I think you need to say good bye.Come on. I'll drive.I guess you could say she died of blunt force trauma and blood loss. She got in a car accident and plowed into the side of an airplane hanger.Yeah.She was stoned apparently.You wait until next year's chair catalog comes out and you find someone who's still alive.Yeah.Rhythm and blues...Okay, so look that over, make sure it's accurate.Your bill, minus the ten percent Dunder Mifflin corporate discount.You occupied the America room for six weeks.  That's our most popular room.Right.  Because you were in the America room.  In an election year.We don't take debit cards, anyway.You've got a ton of dandruff.Taste good too.Wow! Lot of calories.Hey Michael, how was your date last night?Question.Why am I being forced to come in tomorrow and pretend that a website made sales that I made?I don't understand why our website has to have social networking at all.Yeah!No, singles only, singles only. Also three is unlucky. Curse of three.[laughs] With sex!Fire hazard.Women look like white slaves.Hey, Dwight. You resemble a Tolkien character.No, no, no. Not a wizard, a hobbit.Do you live in a regular sized house?Good.Well it's weevil season but we were prepared.They lay their eggs inside the unripe beet root, then come spring time the babies eat their way out.You've already been several times.Maybe you have some kinda bladder infection.I'll order you some cranberry juice.[to troy] Do you have powers?[to tall woman in front of him, tapping her shoulder] Excuse me.[referring to girls in front of him] How did you all find each other?Amazons.Ok, wai, wai, wai, wait, wait. [turns Ryan around annd points to basketball players] You two, Jersey State girls, let's go.OK. You know what, fine. Let's go, two girls to a guy. Come on, let's do it. C'mon, Ryan. Move out. OK, three or four with him [referring to Troy]. Let's go, c'mon. Here we go.Wait, wait a minute, what's this, I didn't order this?Oh. [dumps drink out]It's not safe. Anything could have been in there. [to girls] Nice try.I do, I have to go.No, I have to go. Good luck against Conn College, alright?Uh huh. [to Ryan and Michael] I'm not gonna call her.Wow.All right.Nice.I got sofa. I got sofa.I got floor.[to Ryan] Do you want me to sing you a song my mother used to sing me, when we were sick?It's a lullaby.I think his species might have a higher tolerance than ours.OK. Good night Ryan.Ohhh, man!  [sound of Ryan throwing up] There it goes.I am so sorry.  I'm so sorry, sir.That'll come out of the upholstery. Oh, man.  He threw up in the back of the taxi.It's dehydration.  He went to the bathroom at the club like fifteen times.Friends with a hobbit.Hazel.  They're hazel.Come on! [Kevin and Dwight laugh and follow Michael]Can you breathe?Hold your breath.Ready?And... go. [Michael sticks his face in the cement] Force it in as deep as you can.Andy and Angela seem very happy... I hope nothing horrible ever happens to them.[kicks the car] Unh! Scratch.Uh, bumper's sagging.This car's crap. I will buy it for next to nothing.Well, here are your options: you can sell it for parts, drive it off a cliff... you can donate it to a person that you'd like to see die in a car crash, or, you can sell it to me, and I'll use it as I would a wagon on my farm. It will be towed by a donkey.Yes.You know what? You knock $1500 of the price right now, and I will take it off your hands. It's gotta be now.Seal the deal. Let's do it. Let's do this thing. Three, two, one--Five, four, three, two...Now. Now. Now.Say it. Do it. Now.Do it now.Do it. Shake my hand. You will sell me this car. Shake my hand.Jim is in charge of Stanley only in sales-related matters, hence the green line--green for money-sales, get it?There is this yellow zigzag that does give Ryan the authority to discipline Stanley...However, in so doing, it zigs past your name, hence zagging you and making you appear weak. Thus the yellow color. Yellow for cowardly.Menstrual cycles.You.Well, there is the emergency disaster mode for the org chart. This gives me full authority over every single person in the office.All you have to do it say it.Just say it.Say it. Just do it. Don't think, say it. Do it. Five, four, three, two... do it. Give me control. Michael... I promise to give authority back to you when this crisis is over. Do it, Michael. Do it. Hey, this office needs a strong man. Say it.So... All right, well, you're gonna have to deal with this yourself.[washing the Xterra] Rocka doopa deepa do POW! Shacka do DO! Oh! What's Dwight up to? Oh probably nothing. Racka do do dee do-do do-do! Sha-KA!It's my car now.Yeah, well... seller beware. Now if you'll excuse me, I've got to monitor a three-way bidding war for my car on eBay.I've got a Madlib for you: a stupid, idiotic, numbskull named Andy Bernard sold his Xterra to a smart and capable man named Dwight. This is shaping up to be an awesome day for Dwight.Maybe he's going to church. Or court.Excuse me, people. It has come to my attention, some of you have forgotten, who is in charge here. When Michael is gone... Jim is in charge. When Jim is gone, Andy and I are in charge. When Andy is gone you answer to me. Okay? [Stanley gets up to go] Excuse me where do you think you're going? Oh no, no, no. You're not leaving. No! Stanley, do not walk out that door! If you walk out that door, so help me, I will - [Stanley leaves] He left. Last time I checked, the American workday ends at five pm. You will all stay at your desks until that time. Or, you will suffer the consequences.I will tell on you.Thank you. [hangs up phone, leaves for restroom]Michael, I know you're swamped. I just thought you should know that everyone in the office has left, except for Angela and I. Do not worry though, I have taken down their names, and I have docked them a personal day.So... what else is up? [Michael hangs up] Mich-[hums at copier, Angela waiting behind him][tries to stop a sneeze] Ah-choo!Thank you. [Angela turns to look at him.]You're welcome.[cell phone rings] Hello, this is Dwight Schrute. [phone keeps ringing] Hello?Hello? Hello?Jim, what are you doing?Uh, uh, hang that up right now. Ha-[into Jim's headset] This man is an imposter! Do not do business with him! This is not Dwight Schrute![cell phone rings] K, fine. I'll just let it go to voicemail.Woah, woah, woah, Pam!Pam! You are not talking to Dwight right now. You are talking to Jim.No! [waves arms] Pam, I'm over here!Disconnect that right now. You give me your earpiece.Ugh! Okay, you know what? Fine. I will reprogram my phone to go to my office phone. [presses buttons on his cell phone] Done.[slams cell phone on desk] Argh! Ahh!!So what do we know about her?I hate her too.Because she... stinks... with her... ways... and her... head.Would that be such a bad thing?What?But our, our elevator doesn't require a pa... [gasps][whispering] Have you been introduced to Kevin?He's here on a special work program. He's slow, you know, in his brain.Yeah.Hazing is a fun way to show a new employee that she is not welcome or liked.Accounting department, listen up. Holly, Human Resources. Angela, Oscar, and Kevin. [accountants mumble hellos]You did.You made me wrap it. I thought it was over the line. I just- [Michael slams conference room door in his face]Oh my gosh.Yes.You have it?Okay, here we go. Here we go. [Mose carries a raccoon in a cage] Put it in. [he puts the raccoon in the car][Mose drops cage and runs] Mose!N-nothing you need to know the details of.N-no there's not.It was playful hazing.It's not rabid.Get it out. Come on, get it out. Get it out.Well... it's my own fault.What? [turns and sees Phyllis; Phyllis gasps and drops the box in her hands]Stop!  Don't look at me.  On the counter you will find bread, peanut butter, and jelly.  Pretend to make yourself a sandwich.Really make one.Will you please?  Make a sandwich.  Now, according to my sources, you have an issue with the new H.R. woman.  Well, so do I.  And so does our secret benefactor.  That's too much peanut butter.  What I propose is a good old-fashioned hazing, and I need your help.  If you choose to accept this mission...Wipe the knife off before you stick it in the jelly.  Have you ever made a sandwich before?  Dammit, Meredith!The website is hiding, forming alliances with other sites, preparing an attack for which we will have no defense.Yes, I do.Troy!  What are you doing here?Where is Ryan?Welcome to our land.Can I get you a tankard of mead?Looks serious.Troy, do you know anything about this?Maybe I do.  Enough of your magical riddles!From this point forward, you will not use the bathroom. We need to keep our starting weights high so we can lose more.No, no, no. This is your last meal. There will be no leftovers.[sprays food with bug poison] There. Take those home to your wife.Michael, it's time.Hit the scales, everybody. Right on that black platform. This way. Step it up.Wait a minute. One more bite of eclair each. Hold it in your mouth if you can't swallow.Wait a minute. Pam is on the scale.Family only.[forces candy out of vending machine and forces fruit into racks]Fax this for me.It's not gonna take her 10 minutes to fax it, Jim. [to Pam] If I don't see you again, goodbye. Well, actually, I'll see you when you give me the fax confirmation, so never mind.[exiting warehouse storage room] Ahh. We done good in there, half pint.Monkey. [kisses her]Let's do this thing.OK, can you turn the girl off please? I'm trying to get some work done.Come on, Bernard. [Andy spits on floor as warehouse worker walks past]All right, we're set.Shotgun weddings.Obesity-caused illnesses.Michael, we have a situation.They should not be in that room.Yeah!Not that guy who murdered his mother. He was not so handsome. Also Kevin.Party's over. You are so busted!Happy Birthday, Stanley! [kicks cake onto Michael]Attention!  Attention!  We only have a few weeks left.  [looking at Phyllis]  And most of you are just as fat as the day we began.I am hardly the problem, Jim.This is what I'm gonna do.  I'm gonna randomly select three names and these three people will get liposuction.  Uhhhhh Stanley, Phyllis, Kevin.  And you will be responsible for your own medical bills.Hello Phyllis.  Do you have a minute?  Listen.  I'm really sorry... about what I said before.  Ok?  I was way out of line.But you know what, I want to make it up to you.  There is a sure fire sale, but it's a two man job.  Interested?[sighs] Sixty - forty.  Hm? [they shake hands]  I'll drive.Hey, hey!And you burned over a thousand calories walking home.  And this branch just got a little bit closer to winning the contest.  Phyllis Vance, ladies and gentlemen! [claps]Yeah, I took your purse.  What are you worried about?  [Phyllis storms to her desk, picks up phone and dials]  You look great.  I can definitely see the difference.No, no, no, it goes, it goes... look, 'I say, I say, I say, I'll sit on you!'Vamping.Eh, I've been sitting all day.She should thank me.[exhales] I apologize for creating a ruse which forced you to exercise.We better.Yes, you do.I do not!  I do not say 'Hi' Pam!What are you writing about me?I'm gonna write you both up for not working.Ok, well played.  Neither of us'll write the other up for not working.[sprays the inside of the vending machine with bug spray]God.  Where is Jim?What are you smiling about there smiley pants?  You're late.Dripping on me.Look what just arrived from the Nashua branch.  [reads from card attached to gift basket] 'Here's something to enjoy on your three non-vacation days.  Nashua branch.' Can I send them a dead deer?Classy.My dream vacation?  I sleep in, putter around the farm, go fishing for a few hours, take a long run in the forest, check the traps.  Then the sun comes up and I head into work, which is empty, because everyone else is out of town on vacation.Oh, you wish.  Hellboy's a hero.All right!Can you not?  No sitting devices, Michael's rules.Gah! [tries to dislodge paper with his feet]Will you be able to milk with those implants?Yeah. [Jan starts to get up] Easy there, old girl. [tries to help her]Okay.[as Jan leaves room] Careful.  Hmm.  She was a keeper.Done.[raises hand] She's not a virgin, you know.[trying to assist Michael, who is trying to press play on a CD player] I got it, I got it. [Olivia Newton-John's 'Let's Get Physical' starts to play as Holly and Michael jog into the meeting room, dancing]Yes.What should we be working on while you guys are talking?It's a trick question.  The bread is poisoned.  Also, it's not your real family.  You've been cuckolded by a stronger, smarter male.Time thief.  Time thief!  Fire him!Never!What are you doing?Oh, so wait a minute, you're going to time me every time I yawn?  That's absurd. [Jim smiles and starts the stopwatch] Really? [in a mocking voice] Oh hey look, monkey knows how to use a stopwatch everybody!  He's ti--- [Dwight conceeds and goes back to work, Jim stops the watch]There is no way that that was--- [Jim starts the watch]Ok. [Dwight turns around, but Jim holds up the stopwatch, threatening to start it]None of your business.[Dwight stares at Angela, buttoning the top button of her blouse] Fine.Yes, maybe I'm not. [Dwight grins and gives a sly look at the camera][looking pregnant] Hey Michael?Contractions are coming every ten minutes.My cervix is ripening.Michael! My water's breaking!Aaaaaaaa! What do you do? What do you do?Right. Highways or surface roads?No, Gibson is covered in potholes.  Your car breaks down. Adapt!It's about adapting to the circumstances.No. OK, no.  I'm crowning!  I'm crowning!  Aaaaaaaa! [runs into Michael's office]The pressure!  The pressure!Aaaaaaaa!Babies are one of my many areas of expertise.  Growing up, I performed my own circumcision.[lying on Michael's desk] Hold me!Cradle my head!I'm screaming, I'm screaming, I'm screaming! Aaaaaaaa!Numb me up. I want anesthesia!No! I don't want natural!OK!Aaaaaaaa!Do you have the Sharpie?!Do you have the Sharpie?!OK!  When the baby emerges, mark it secretly in a kind of a mark that only you could recognize and no baby snatcher can ever copy.Ready?!Aaaaaaaa!Butter. Newborns are slippery.Who's Sarah Kayacombsen?Oh no... [Michael enters and notices Jan's baby]Jan had the baby and Michael wasn't there to mark it.  So the baby could be anybody's.  Except Michael's.Huh. Twelve hundred dollars for a stroller? Phhhbt.Twelve hundred dollars is what I spent on my whole bomb shelter.  For that kind of money, this stroller should be indestructible. [straps the watermelon into the stroller on the elevator][heaving the stroller into a tire yard] Don't hit the fence.  Oh no, my child![throwing the stroller against a high chain link fence] Don't get stuck on the barbed wire![tossing the stroller off a tall heap of tires] Playtime is over!I like to call this... the bumper test. [drags the stroller behind his car and runs into it several times]Oh.  I took the liberty of putting it in your trunk.Hello, spoiled little baby, [to a watermelon] in your fancy brand name stroller.  Mmm, I wonder if it's as safe as they say it is.  Oh, look, a curb.  Uh oh, let's see what happens... [lets it go, it flies off the curb, stays upright, and stops safely] Inconclusive. [pushes it out into the street, it rolls to a stop] Spartans would leave a weak baby by the side of the road.  My parents left me beside the road.  I crawled home.Not so weak, huh, Mom?Gosh, Mommy feels like taking a jog. [runs with stroller]  Oh, no!  Mommy forgot to wear a bra, and her big fake boobs are really hurting her, and she needs to let go, she can't control the stroller any longer [forcefully pushes stroller away toward uneven ground with junk strewn around, the stroller hits some junk, stays upright, and stops safely]Let's see what this baby can do... [drives car fast, holding stroller alongside the car, stroller remains fine] Aaaah!  Aa-aaah! [throws it ahead of the car, it goes for a while and then is stopping]  It's a hardy stroller. [takes watermelon out of stroller, holds it up to show camera] Maybe it's safe![whispering] You set a date?A knife.You got a better way?About what?I know none of that. If I did, you'd be the last to know.She introduced me to so many things. Pasteurized milk, sheets, monotheism, presents on your birthday, preventative medicine.I was talking to myself.I just don't get it.Why is she marrying Andy?That's really fattening.Bravo, Watson. Looks like a classic seven-man job. Okay, security tapes were stolen, Motives-financial, or possible, vintage HP computer collectors. Hank down at security had clocked out. And that's all we have.[Dwight groans] Ugh.Get in.I know she loves me, Phyllis. I am sure of it. She practically told me so.Are you sure that's going to work?Wait, this isn't our floor. Dwight...Listen to me close. 'Cause I'm only gonna say this once. You either break off your engagement with that singing buffoon, apologize, and then date me, or you can say good-bye to this. [points below his belt]I said I was only gonna say this once. You have until 6:14 PM. 6:14!Hey Phyllis, someone let the air out of your tires. Come quick.I had to get your attention. This is an emergency. [the air is let out of one of Phyllis' tires]Listen, she ignored my ultimatum. Now what?Okay, fine. I've moved on. Now how do I get her back?Wait, that's it? That's your advice? I thought you had some kind of big master plan.Oh. I get it. You're trying to secure your place as head of the party-planning committee. You're just being selfish. [Phyllis slaps Dwight] And you slap like a girl.What did Phyllis do wrong? I'll tell you what Phyllis did wrong. She stuck her nose into my business and tried to help me. [Dwight has an epiphany]300 and one penny.350 and one penny.400 and one penny.500 and one penny.700 and one penny.Eh, it's not worth it.Our first date was at the Anthracite Coal Museum.  We had both been before, but we pretended like it was our first time so we could get all the extra information.  They knew we were faking... 'cause they recognized us.   But we made them tell us all the stories.  All the safety information.  And we corrected them whenever they got it wrong. [Phyllis chuckles and nods, Dwight sighs and takes the rest of his sandwich out of the container and holds it up to Phyllis]   You want half a sandwich?I'll bring you one tomorrow.  You've earned it.  [bites into the sandwich half, chews]  Mmm.  I hope you like fox meat.[dressed as the Joker] Hm mm mm mm. Want to see a magic trick? Heh heh heh! I'm gonna make a pencil disapp-- oh! [elevator doors close, reopen.] Disappear.Good morning temp.Thought I'd go casual today. Morning everyone. Good morning.  Hello.  How are you Phyllis?Andy.No I get it. I totally understand. And uh, I just want to assure you, that I mean no disrespect. You see, I'm applying!Well if somebody who barely out-sells Phyllis, can get in, I should be fine.I meant that as a compliment to you Phyllis, as well as a slight to Andy.Cornell is a good school, and I want to better myself through higher education. If it makes Andy angry, so be it. [He sips from his Cornell mug]Hey there. So uh, how do you think we're gonna do against Penn this year? Nathan Ford's arm looks pretty strong.Not so. Cornell is an excellent school. Without its agricultural program, we probably wouldn't have cabbage. At least not modern cabbage.Someday, we'll both get together in Comstock Hall and just laugh about all of this.Excuse me?Andy, let's just talk about this man-to-man, after work.What do you say?Andy, I've been meaning to ask you, which a cappella group should I join? The Harmoniacs, or the Do-Re-Mi-Go's?That's a conflict of interest.[thinks] Interview.What?Okay.Bring it.Dale Raymond Corson!Hmm, interviewing skills, sub-par. [writes in a notebook]On the contrary, I'm helping Cornell. By evaluating their interviewers.Well, when they get my evaluation we'll see if they're interested.Interviewer is threatening applicant with an arbitrary review process.'Interviewer has suspect motives.'Interviewer has turned off applicant's interest in Cornell, and they are going to go to the vastly superior Dartmouth.' Ever heard of it? I think I have everything I need.And you will be hearing from the --Cornell Application Department,And you will not be pleased with the result. [pulls table away from Andy]And your affiliation with Cornell -Will end completely![has won the table war] That is all sir, you may go.Where did you get those?I see what you are doing. But I do not know where you are going with this.[scoffs] Cornell. [easily bites into a beet]You once told me that Andy and I had different strengths. Well, he can't do what I can do. I can get into Cornell, but he doesn't know how to make food and shelter from a golden retriever.No, but it'll make you respect him less.I heard someone got engaged, you dog, huh? [punches Michael's shoulder]Oh, nothing can hurt you now. You're a man in love!Bring it on. [starts to put foot up on Michael's desk]Sorry.What does it say?That's impossible.I sell more paper than anyone. [stands and reaches for the file]Wait, is this a joke? I'm getting that queasy feeling that sometimes accompanies jokes.No, but that's sometimes part of it.Impossible to say. I can't see myself.What are you mumbling about?None of your business.Those can't be my scores, Jim. For your information --I'm being sabotaged.And I'm going to find that person and punish them.You're an idiot.No way.I didn't say anythingWhat do you think I am saying to you?!I've caught Jim talking to himself several times today. What a loser. Get a friend, loser.All right, fine. [picks up phone] Brrring.Hello, this is Dwight Schrute from the Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.Excellent, then you are in luck, because we are having a limited-time offer only on everything.What is your name, sir?Really, that's your real name?Yes, Michael.What? No, but I --Oh, no. What's wrong?Sorry, Mr. Buttlicker. As I was saying, we're having a limited--OK, as I was saying, right now we are having --OK, our prices have never been lower....never been lower![shouting] Buttlicker! Our prices have never been lower!He --Please, Mr. Buttlicker --Please give me another chance. Mr. Buttlicker.I have to put you on with my boss.[shakes fist, whispers] Yeah!You are the master.Don't do it, Michael.Get in!Get in! [he peels off into parking space]Shh. [turns radio up loud, playing 'Centerfold.'] They might be listening to us.They might be listening to usYou never know. Better safe than sorry.Who stands to benefit from our downfall?Could be the mob. But then Dunder-Mifflin would need to be a front for money laundering, and there's little evidence of that.I don't know. Two, maybe three if one wears out. How many shoes do you need?Who are you talking to?She's not here, Jim.Wait, shut up.Shh. Do you hear that?Breathing. Is that you?Well, stop. Hold your breath. I still hear it. Who's there? Kelly, is that you? Hold on. [puts down phone and runs away][jumps into Kelly's area] Ha! [Kelly screams in surprise]Hear anything interesting?[laughs] I think you know.What are you up to, girl? Huh? Phyllis put you up to this? Stanley? Are they paying you?Of course I am. I know you're the mastermind, but you're too stupid to do it by yourself.[surprised] Ah!OK.The reason that I got bad customer reviews is because I didn't! There is a massive conspiracy going on here, and I know you're involved.No. [holds Sheriff's Department mug protectively]No. Why? No. [puts it in desk drawer and slams it shut]Oh, man, I knew it. Who are her co-conspirators?Obviously. I knew it.Yeah. What?I was -- I was right.I was right.I knew it.I knew it the whole time, buddy! [shoves Jim]Yeah! Woo-hoo!I knew it! Yeah! Ha-ha! Woo! [kicks near Phyllis' head; she ducks] Boom! Kelly the whole time. Let's get her.Let me paint you a picture of a little girl from southern India, who despite being welcomed into this country will now spend the rest of her life in prison for a crime she did commit.Oh, come on. You juked the stats, cupcake.We have our confession. I'm calling security. [reaches for phone]I want to be here when you fire her ass.Is that the Matsuhashi B-400? The world's tiniest Bluetooth? [reaches toward Jim's ear] May I?Congratulations on choosing Schrute Farms for your wedding.Well, then. Why don't you look over some of our materials? [opens album][looking at Angela] While I describe to you the Excalibur package. In addition to the breathtaking natural beauty and smell of Schrute Farms, I can promise you that our grounds can be catered to fit your exact specifications. [Angela smiles] I will work tirelessly for you over the coming months and be at your constant disposal. [Andy moves his head into Dwight's view] Please feel free to call or stop by, any time of the day or night.While you, my good friend, have nothing more to worry about. This wedding is officially out of your hands.OK.You already said deal.What do I do with my bonus check? [scoffs] Simple. Purchase paper from myself. Boosts my sales, which boosts my bonus. Last year I bought even more paper to make this year's bonus even bigger. Eventually, I'll get a bonus so big I can retire on it. And I'll use the paper to write my memoirs.[raises hand] Here.My job is to manipulate the customer into buying paper. In return, they give me money. I am the predator and they are the prey. Would a mouse give a positive review to a hawk? Should the hawk even care? [sighs heavily, nearly starts to cry] Excuse me, I've got work to do.Hey, what are you laughing at?Are you laughing at me?[looks at cartoon] How is that funny? What are you really laughing at? Huh?[looking at cartoon] There's no way you're laughing at this.[is seen taking apart his phone receiver to check for listening devices]It's good to be paranoid. People need to be more paranoid. Case in point, JFK. If I had been JFK, I would have seen all three gunmen. I would have pulled out my concealed Luger and fired first. Man in book depository, BOOM!  Grassy knoll, BOOM! Fake Jackie, BOOM! [pretends to kiss, then shoot imaginary person to his left]  Then I shoot myself, so I don't change history and create a paradox. BOOM! But right at the last minute, [contorts head sideways] I twist out of the way of the bullet. Nice try, history. Better luck next year.Major pharmaceuticals do not want you to know that beet juice has medicinal value both as an aphrodisiac and a laxative.The Scranton Zoning Board has a strong bias against beet farmers. The mayor is in the pocket of Big Lettuce.Battlestar Galactica isn't a documentary exactly.The book All The President's Men is about a conspiracy, just not the one people think.Jesus had a daughter, and she was the Mona Lisa.What we have come to know as fake crab meat is in fact real crab meat, and real crab meat is lobster.Wait, why do you need three suitcases?Do you have your money belt?No, no, no, no, no.  You want to wear that puppy right up on the breastbone like a bra. [demonstrates]Here, let me help you. [reaches for Michael's money belt]Do you want to get robbed in a foreign country? I wash my hands of this.[sighs and picks up Michael's empty suitcases][over phone] Who is that monkey?Know what?Oh, well, doesn't surprise me.Have you seen her painting, Jim? The building? There are shadows coming from two different directions.What? Are there two suns?Last I checked, that's not an office building in the Andromeda galaxy.It's totally unrealistic.  There are no lines in the parking lot.You're back.Good. I need you to make five copies of these. [hands Pam papers]Alright. First thing in the morning then.Brownies is it? Hm. Pastry cubes made of sugar and fat? No thank you, I'll stick with my jerkie.To socialize.  And inform.He looks great.Well rested.Also, it's icky back there.Okay, fireable offenses include: workplace violence and sexual harassment.I love catching people in the act.  That's why I always whip open doors.Okay [stands up removes jacket and starts loosening his tie][removes glasses] I am the bait.Men find me desirable.Oh, it's a good day too. I'm wearing my mustard shirt.Mmhmm.Men find me desirable.Those are fighting words.I hope he doesn't haul off and just hit you.Hmmm?Come on. [making karate moves] Baaah!Hit him!  Hit him, Chicken.Ryan.  Come on, man?Punch him as hard as you possibly can in the face.Are you really not going to punch him?I thought you were going to parcel those out through the dayThere's still one thing we could do to get Toby fired.[goes over and closes office door] Frame him, for using drugs.Yeah, it's illegal, but... everything they do on The Shield is illegal.Oh I've framed animals before.  I framed a raccoon for opening a Christmas present.  And I framed a bear for eating out of the garbage.[on a cell phone in the hallway] Yes, I repeat a drug dealer is on the premisis of Dunder Mifflin.  His name is Toby Flenderson [Michael opens Toby's desk drawer and puts something in it] and he recently returned from a mysterious vacation in Central America.   I have risked a great deal to tell you this information.  My name is Andy Bernard.  Andrew Bernard, that's my name.  See you soon.Hey, Pam. Hey I got this, okay?  Hello, officers, Dwight Schrute, former volunteer Sheriff's Deputy.  Listen, I may have inside information that someone is hiding drugs in this very office.  [leads them back towards the annex as Creed stands up and starts to put him hands up and then relaxes them behind his ears]Officers, I reveal to you the perpetrator.Search his things.They don't need your permission, Flenderson, they've got the company's permission.Save your whining for the jury there, Flenderson.No! Michael, no!So wait a minute, there's no drugs?Gahh, dammit! [punches file cabinet] Come on!Wait, officers, are you sure you don't want to interrogate him?[following them out] You have laws that protect you in any kind of interrogation.  Why don't you use them?What is my perfect crime?  I break into Tiffany's at midnight.  Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier.  It's priceless.  As I'm taking it down, a woman catches me.  She tells me to stop.  It's her father's business.  She's Tiffany.  I say no.  We make love all night.  In the morning the cops come and I escape in one of their uniforms.  I tell her to meet me in Mexico but I go to Canada.  I don't trust her.  Besides, I like the cold.  Thirty years later, I get a postcard.  I have a son and he's the chief of police.  This is where the story gets interesting: I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris, by the Trocadero.  She's been waiting for me all these years; she's never taken another lover.  I don't care, I don't show up. I go to Berlin.  That's where I stashed the chandelier.Yeah, do tell.Mmhmm.How could it be more clear?Okay.We'll dig a trench. As long as it's downhill from the well, we should be fine.Well we're not gonna put out stumps, come on.This is where you'll have your receiving line. Of course we'll clear out all the livestock and hay and such.You're gonna need to be more specific.Manure covers up the small of the slaughterhouse.You wanna eat, don't you?...I'll consider it.There's a hose out back.Have you made a decision on the butter sculpture?Okay. Cow, goat or sheep. It's not that hard.Cats don't make butter.It doesn't make any sense.Cow, goat or sheep.Here's another place.So... why don't we try this out, we'll see what would happen. Give it a little test drive, what do you say? You pretend to be Angela's father, you will play Angela, and uh, I will pretend to be you. That way you can see what it looks like when you're up here.He doesn't understand a word you're saying.Although born just minutes from here, he speaks only German. Closed society. So, now, after the readings by all of your sisters, we will arrive at the vows. So, Konrad... [speaks German to minister; minister begins speaking in German] And away we go. This is a little taste of the ceremony, if you will. He's explaining why we're here, what we're doing here, making introductions, blah blah blah... Then he's gonna have Andy repeat a bunch of stuff. He's gonna ask Andy to produce a ring. I have uh, now just uh... just some twine for our purposes, and you will put the ring on her finger. Yadda yadda, then he's going to ask Andy, uh, if he would like to marry Angela. And you will reply, 'I do.' [Andy mouths, 'I do' silently] And then he's going to ask Angela if she would like to marry Andy, to which you will reply...And there we go. Okay, and that's just about it. Man and wife.I know you did. And that's why I have taken care of everything.Well Monkey, he's a real minister. And you said, 'I do.' And I said, 'I do.' And Andy wasn't signing a receipt; he was signing our marriage certificate as a witness.Yes, of course it does.It does in the state of Pennsylvania.Haha, Mrs. Schrute.Wha...My... It's not my fault you don't understand German; I've been telling you to take it for years!What is this?You're so pathetic.  How long did this take you? Three hours?Yeah, no such thing.  They don't give out black belts for things that are stupid. [scoffs]  Well, I hope it was worth it, cause I'm gonna take it apart in about five minutes.Really? If I can skin a mule deer in less than ten minutes, I ought to be able to cut my -- [sets briefcase on desk and sits in chair, desk and chair are made of paper, Dwight crashes to the floor]These are not dolls, Jim.  These are commodities.  Same as gold or oil.Every year I do research to determine which toy will be the most popular of the Christmas season.  This year it's a doll. Half girl, half unicorn.  Catchphrase: 'My horn can pierce the sky'.  Pathetic. I bought out every store in the area over the last couple of weeks.  And as lazy parents become desperate I will sell them for an enormous profit.  Isn't that right princess? [makes doll nod]I am simply punishing those parents that would wait till the last minute to get their child a gift.  And such a genetically improbable one.  Look at that.  How does that happen?  King has sex with a unicorn?  Man with a horn has sex with a royal horse?They are now.All right.Oh, so glad I could help.Merry Christmas.Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-ka-ching.We got a live one!  On fire!! [Dwight extinguishes Meredith]Aye.No, I like Meredith.Actually, I don't care for Meredith, but I don't believe in this kind of thing.  In the Schrute family we believe in a five fingered intervention. [holds up his fist] Awareness, education, control, acceptance and punching.I stab her in the brain with a wooden stick.There are several ways to kill a zombie, but the most satisfying one is to stab it in the brain with a wooden stick.Oh, as fire marshal I would have to.She is a hazard to the other people of the office.I suppose I could do it if it was a controlled burn in a well ventilated area.Oh right, that'll take a couple of weeks.Really?