Oh, I told you. I couldn't close it. So...Actually, you called me in here, but yeah.My job is to speak to clients on the phone about... uh, quantities and type of copier paper. You know, whether we can supply it to them. Whether they can pay for it. And... I'm boring myself just talking about this.Whassup! I still love that after seven years.Nothing.All right. Take care.Yes?Yeah, stop. That is ridiculous.Sure. Mr. Davis, let me call you right back. Yeah, something just came up. Two minutes. Thank you very much. Dwight, what are you doing?What are you doing?It's not on your desk.Why not?[crosses fingers] We'll see. [Dwight begins smashing pencils with his phone] This is why the whole downsizing thing just doesn't bother me.If I left, what would I do with all this useless information in my head? You know? Tonnage price of manila folders? Um, Pam's favorite flavor of yogurt, which is mixed berry.How do you know it was me?OK. Dwight, I'm sorry, because I have always been your biggest flan.Do you like going out at the end of the week for a drink?That's why we're all going out. So we can have an end-of-the-week-drink.Tonight, hopefully.What's going on?You know what? You should come with us. Because you know we're all going out and it could be a good chance for you to see what people are like outside the office. I think it could be fun.Yeah, yeah.Um... What's in the bag?No, definitely. All right, dude. Awesome. Will do.Do I think I'll be invited to the wedding? [scratches head]Hey.How are things?Oh no, I just decided not to. How's your headache?Good. Good.That's greatYeah?Am I walking out?Yes, I... Do you want to...Great. Let me just...[Car horn honking] Oh, Roy.Yeah, definitely. You too. Enjoy it. [looks at camera] You know what, just come here.My name is Jim Halpert and I am a sales rep, which is a very important job. Um, without me dozens literally dozens of small businesses would go paperless.  They would have to write on their hands, or bed sheets, or who knows you know. Total chaos, total chaos. I mean or they could get their paper somewhere else. Staples maybe. I don't know.That's the thing. It's very sturdy paper and on the back it says, '100% post-consumer content.' What? Hello? Uh-huh. Wait. What? I'm sorry, Mr. Decker. I think I'm losing you. [Shedder whirring] Hello? Hello? Yeah. Hold on one second. I don't know. Hold on one second.Do you really have to do that right now?Mr. Decker, I'm sorry about that. What were you... Can you hold on one second? Yeah, just one second. Thanks. [Power off, silence] Hello? That's it. Perfect. So what I was saying... [Dialing tone] Hello? Thanks, Dwight.That is not the expression.This is my biggest sale of the year. They love me over there for some reason. I'm not really sure why but I make one call over there every year, just to renew their account, and that one call ends up being 25% of my commission for the whole year, so I buy a mini bottle of champagne, celebrate a little. And this year I'm pushing recycled paper on them for one percent more. I know. I'm getting cocky. Right?Solitaire?Six on seven.So then, why didn't you do it?Who doesn't love that?Yeah, uh, Mr. Decker, please.You know what? I'm actually going to have to call you back. Thank you. Sorry about that.Yeah, hi. Is Mr. Decker around? Oh, well, could you just have him call me after lunch? Thank you.: Uh, is that it?Hello? Hello?What are you watching?Really?No way. I think she likes this stuff.Yeah, you know, she's engaged, but...Oh, yeah. She's hot.[on the phone] Mr. Decker, we didn't lose your sale today, did we? Excellent. OK. Let me just get your... what's that? No, we didn't close last time. I just need your... Oh. W-What code were you given? Oh, OK. That's actually another salesman here. I can redo it if you want to do that. Oh, he gave you a discount? No, I don't blame you.[Pam is asleep, resting her head on Jim's shoulder] Um... Hey.Hey.We can go.That's fine.Uh... Not a bad day.Freecell.Well, I mean.Um, what's going on here?Ah, good. Good luck. Doing good. [goes to the index cards and writes another race down]Yes, yes.How embarrassing is it? That's not fair. Here...Try this. [takes Dwight's 'Asian' race and switches it with the one he wrote]Go get 'em.Um, why did she slap Martin Luther King?I think she wasn't wearing a card.Last night on Trading Spouses, there's... have you seen it?Interesting, what's that like?Wow. But then who would watch my TV? That is...Gosh.That is a great offer. Thank you. I really think I should be concentrating on sales.Yeah. I just don't think this is the kind of task, that I... am going to do. You know who would be great for this?Any time Michael asks me to do anything, I just tell him that Dwight should do it.Right now, this is just a job. If I advance any higher in this company then this would be my career. And uh, well, if this were my career, I'd have to throw myself in front of a train.It says 'workspace'.If it's the same thing, then why did you write 'workspace'?You are not my superior.I thought it was a workspace?You cut more than you had to, didn't you?Well, why did you do that? You work here, don't you want good insurance?OK, well, if you've never been sick, then you don't have any antibodies.OK, you know what Dwight? We can't write our diseases down for you because that's confidential.Workspace.Wait. What are you writing? Don't write Ebola or mad cow disease. Right? 'Cause I'm suffering from both.Oh, great.I thought you said you were inventing diseases? That's spontaneous dental hydroplosion.Thank you.What are you talking about?OK, whoa. 'Cause that is a pretty intense accusation. How do you know that they're fake?Absolutely not.No I didn't.Killer nanorobots?Sounds tough.Do you?Mmm hmm.Yep.Good luck. [closes door and locks it][answering phone] Jim Halpert.Who is this?No, you can't fire me.OK, can you hold on? I'm getting the, ah, beep. [presses button on phone]] Jim Halpert.Hey Pam! How are you?I'm doing OK. Getting excited for the weekend though. What are you up to?No, not at all.I have nothing to do.Oh yeah?The mall?Oh, interesting, what kind of shoes?Okay, here's uh, this is very simple. 'Dwight's Workspace,' nice.Um, this one interesting the power comes from the font in this one. 'Schrute Space,' very medieval, very England. Um, this one's forceful, this one's very Dwight. 'Quiet! Dwight Schrute Working,' it's good.I really heard him on that. This one's interesting I'm not really sure what he meant by this. Um, 'Dwight Schrute Privates.' Tough to say.Okay, you know what, Dwight. What if you got a really serious disease like Ebola.Well, it could happen. Have you ever seen the movie Outbreak?Okay. Have you ever seen the movie Sixth Sense? Maybe you are already dead.Dwight, I uh, I have something to confess.Um...You're a jackass.No. Was that the hard way?Well, then why are you wasting everybody else's time interrogating them?Right.Okay.Wait, slow down.One second 'cause that sounds really good. Is jackass one word or two? [Dwight sighs] One, right? 'Cause, 'cause of the show, it's one.Absolutely, I do.At that moment, I was so happy. I mean, everything Dwight does annoys me.To what?And I spend hours thinking of ways to get back at him, but only in ways that could get me arrested. And then here he comes and he says 'No, Jim, here's a way.'Oh yeah.I think it has something to do with Survivor, but I'm not sure.Um, I know that it involves spying on people and we may build a fort, underground.What? No.What? Oh no no no. Dwight, no. I'm using her, for the alliance. Who knows the most information about this office? Pam.Well I'm trying to. Do you see what I'm doing?But listen, I'm going to have to talk to her a lot. All right? And there may be chatting, and giggling. And you gotta just pretend to ignore it. Wipe it away.All right.Yeah, what do you think that's about?I'm on it.You are not going to believe this.Well, tensions were high in the kitchen.Hey Kev, that looks good. What is it? Turkey?Oh, Italian. Nice. Wow! You got the works there. Red onion, provolone...Toby and Kevin, they're trying to get Angela kicked off.Well, I don't know, if Kevin's in accounting, and Toby's in Human Resources and they're talking...I love their sandwiches too.Their bread is very good.OK, listen, we need to assume that everyone in the office is forming an alliance and is therefore trying to get us kicked off.Because we're strong, Dwight. Because we're strong.Sure, what's up?Oh no?No, will not, I'm not going to tell anybody. This is between you and me.That was beautiful. All her idea too. Awesome. She is so great.OK, here's the deal. All right? Pam says that one of the alliances is meeting in the warehouse during Meredith's birthday.I know, but it's gonna be a little tough because there's no good place to hide there.What? What?[gives Dwight a high five] Great.Good.Wait, this isn't gonna work. The lid's open.I can't do that. You won't be able to breathe.Thank you, thank you. OK.So do you want me to stay here and, you know, stand next to the box?Right... That's good.Pam, he's in a box. He's downstairs, in a box, on the floor, near the shelves. I'm serious. Go down there and work your magic.Speaking of which, I meant to tell you. Very impressive, the uh, donation you gave to Oscar's charity. What was it? 25 bucks?Yeah, well, three dollars a mile. It's gonna end up being like 50 bucks. So... God, I can't even calculate what you're gonna have to give.OK, OK. I have something that totally tops the box.OK. I have just convinced Dwight that he needs to go to Stamford and... [Pam starts laughing]... spy on our other branch. No no no.But before he does so, I told him that he should dye his hair to go undercover.If we can get him to drive to Connecticut... and put peroxide in his hair...No, no, dude, no.No, dude, no, I was just, listen! Whoa.God, I don't even, I don't even know how to explain this. Uh, um... Dwight, uh, asked me to be in an alliance. And then um... um... we were... we've just been messing with him. Uh, because of the whole alliance thing. Um...It's stupid. It's, it's just office pranks.No thanks.No one wants to be you, Dwight.Is your password Frodo?Did you just change it to Gollum?[looks in  the refrigerator] Hey Dwight, my tuna sandwich isn't in the refrigerator. You wouldn't know anything about that would you?It was not rotting.Stop. Dwight, stop.Dwight, you wrote that memo. Okay, it's not an official memo.Dwight, it's not a factory at all. Do you have to do what you are doing? [Dwight is tapping each of the bobble heads on his desk and making them bobble]We need to assume that everyone in the office is forming an alliance and is therefore trying to get us kicked off.Because we're strong, Dwight. Because we're strong. God, it's freezing, I gotta go in. You stay though for like five minutes.You don't want to arouse suspicion.Good. I like it. You know what. Pretend to smoke. [Dwight pretends to smoke]Uh, by the way. Have you heard Dwight say the word immunity, yet? Because if I can get Dwight to say the word immunity, it might be the greatest day of my life.God, this is so sad. This is the smallest amount of power I've ever seen go to someone's head. Phyllis, can you believe this?Pam gets a little down.  Her toaster oven broke. Um, which she got at her engagement shower. Um, for a wedding that still has yet to be set... and that was three years ago.That's him.Uh, I heard it.Oh my God.I'll do it. Wear a little flouncey skirt if you want, and...Basketball? It was kind of my thing in high school. And I'm, yeah, I'm looking forward to playing. You know, I think I'm gonna impress a few people in here.You coming down?You gonna wish me luck?Whoa.Is that trash talk from Pam?Oh.Well, I'm going to the outlet mall on Saturday, so if you wanna save big on brand names and Roy has to work, which he will, because I'm also competitive, you should feel free to come along.I think I'll see you at the mall. Yeah.Have a good game man.Really? I thought I'd take Roy.My bad.You know what? Let me take Roy.Take it easy.[to Pam] ...so I talked to the scout, it looks good.I didn't sign anything.I'm trying, yup.Great, thanks.Forget it. It's just a dry erase board.Okay, that's insanely complicated and the first thing I'm going to do is erase it.Well, then keep it.[Michael steals the ball] Yeah, Michael. Go Michael. [makes shot]Cute, sure, yeah.She's not really my type.Hmmm, I don't think so. Nope.[glances at Pam] Moms, primarily. Yep. Soccer moms. Single moms. NASCAR moms. Any type of moms, really.Too late, Kev.Pam and I are good buddies.  I'm sort of Pam's go-to guy for her problems. You know with stuff like work, or uh, her fiance Roy. Or uh... Nope, those are pretty much her only two problems.She'd be perfect for you.So, what? You're Assistant Regional Manager.Well, you know what Dwight? He's your work boss, okay? He is not your relationship boss.Plus you have so much more to talk to this girl about, You're both um, salesmen. I mean that's something right there.It's all gold.Alright. Here's the thing okay, you just keep talking to her.  If you hit a stall you have a perfect fall back.You buy a purse.Dwight, that's not necessarily true. Do you read GQ?Okay, I do. There like mini briefcases, alright?  Lots of guys have them.Yes. Listen, you are spending way too much time talking to me, when you could be talking to her.No. You don't need the bathroom. You've got it. Go.Okay, shhhh stop... stop whatever you're doing because this is going to be good.[mimicing Dwight in high-falsetto voice] Hi my name's Dwight Schrute and I would like to buy a purse from you. Good lord, look at these purses! This is something special. Oh my God is this Salvatore Di-chini-asta?Yes, well I want to stress test it. You know, in case anything happens.Oh! That was really. [Dwight hits purse against table] This is necessary to do to really give it a good workout. This is the ooooh... This is the prettiest one of all.I'm going to be the prettiest girl in the ball.  Oh, how much?[whispering] Here he comes, shhh...[gives Dwight a thumbs-up - mouths the word] Good.He did pick a good one.A futon?He's a grown manThat's sad. Or it's innovative. Well, you know the futon is a bed and couch all rolled into one. [Jim sees Roy and trails off]Hi.I'm Jim, by the way.Hi Katy, nice to meet you.I do. That's what I'm best known for. Sitting out there. Alright, let's talk about purses.Katy but you know what, don't try to sell me one. Okay, seriously 'cause I'm just here to learn.Okay, so I know about most of these, but you know you can...What's up?Thank you for choosing me.Ah, well I think I'm gonna see Katy.Yeah.Oh, man I don't know. Uh, dinner, drinks, movie, matching tattoos.And stuff... yeah.What are you doing?Okay.That's cool.That is cool. Well, I'll see you Monday though, right?Okay.Alright.Goodnight, Michael.I don't know. Grab a drink, I think?I got this. [taking Katy's bag from Michael]I got it.Have a good night.Oh, yeah. You sold a lot, so it's lighter.Alright now, I'm gonna warn you. Don't freak out, okay?This is a really nice car. In case you haven't noticed, this is a Corolla. Okay.You're not going to freak out?Oh, really?Well, Pam I'm not gonna lie to you, he's chances are none. Um, he's 41 years old, he is losing his hair and his cell phone ring is 'Mambo #5.' So...I don't know though. I mean, you know that was a hit.Yeah, was it 10? Yeah, I have it on a mix tape from junior high.Went well?You know what, just in case she's looking you should put some stuff in it.Anything. [Dwight begins to fill his new purse] Good. Yup.Post-it Notes. Wow, that purse holds a lot.Yeah, oh, I know. Looks great. [Dwight throws the purse over his right shoulder and gets back to work]Hey, Dwight. I need your stapler.Oh, great thanks.So, you ready for the... the Dundies?What?Oh, I can't because I keep them hidden. I don't want to look at them and get cocky.No, it's hilarious, you're right. I just think, um, 'world's longest engagement', um, we're all expecting it, you know?Well I think if you use the same jokes it just comes across as lazy.Yeah, gotta eat somewhere.Hey! How are ya? I thought you left?Oh!Oh.Yeah.[Pam starts sipping an empty glass] I think those might be empty.Second drink?[starts clapping] Yeah, alright Kev.Yes, I have not gotten one either. So, keep going.What a great year for the Dundies.We got to see Ping.  [Pam nods] And we learned of Michael's true feelings for Ryan. [Pam nods] Which was touching. And, we heard Michael change the lyrics to a number of classic songs. [Pam nods] Which for me, has ruined them for life. [looks at Pam, who is staring at him, nodding]What?Okay.I don't know, what?Oh my God! You are so drunk!Did you get that? Please tell me you got that. This is all going to be on.He's a volunteer.Dwight come on, come-Whoa.Whoa.Whoa, careful, careful.No you don't.Oh, here she is. Careful, careful, whoa. Alright, easy. Almost there.Shoot.Not really a question. [starts to laugh] Okay, let's get you home, you're drunk.Alright.Goodnight, have a good night. Thank you Angela.Mmm-hmmm.He plays guitar, he likes naval history. He's a bowler.Well, you seem to have this under control.The weird part about this whole deal this that Michael truly believes that these awards are inspiring and motivational. I mean, he puts more effort and time and commitment into the Dundies than anything else he does all year. Which is probably why this branch will be downsized.Good one.What award would you like to give Dwight?Okay.Dwight, this is crazy.Dwight, Dwight.The other volunteers.Hey.Um... I don't think so.Oh! There it is!Um... 'Fifty signs your priest might be Michael Jackson.'Well done.Topical.Hey, um... what has two thumbs and hates Todd Packer? [points at self] This guy!Except pass that breathalyzer.I'm really excited to meet your Mom.Oh yeah?Good. Cause I have a lot of questions.Yeah. As a child, did Pam show any traits that would hint towards her future career as a receptionist?I'm in an office relationship. It's special. Um... she's nice. She's shy. She's actually here. You want to meet her? Hold on one second. Oh, my God! Put on a shirt! Put on a... . I told you that you'd be on camera. I'm sorry, she's European. No, I told you that you'd be on camera. Stop it.No, thanks. I'm good.Does that include 'That's What She Said'?Wow! That is really hard. You really think you can go all day long? Well, you always left me satisfied and smiling, so...What can I say, Dwight, I live a very dangerous life.Hey.Yeah.Yeah?Yes, it is harassment and I'm going to be suing the winking face. I've hired the angry face as my lawyer and you will be hearing from him pretty soon.Okay. [IM chiming] [laughing][looks bored. Taps finger on desk. Head falls to desk]Mm-hmm.No way. Let's do this [crumples post it and throws into mug. Misses.] Oh.Wind.Perfect. [misses]Oh.Hey, Oscar, on these new expense reports, do we really have to go back to last quarter?[points at paper on desk] What does 2005 season mean?Wait a minute, what is this?What?Really?Oh my God!  Wait, this goes back two years.[flicks football onto Kevin's desk] OH!Yes!  So close.  I really love the paper triangle flicking and hitting things game.  Yeah.Why?Hey, do you guys have any other games?[bounces ball off wall with Toby] So that's what this sound is all day.Stanley. Just played Dunder Ball with Toby. What about you, you got any games?Fair enough.[sings Olympic theme song] This scented candle ...andle ...andle. Which I found in the men's bathroom ...room ...room. Represents the eternal burning of competition. Or something.Yes it does. Yes it does my friend. Ok, we will be competing for gold, silver and bronze yogurt lids.Let the games begin. [sings Olympic theme]You have what is the national sport of Icelandic paper companies. And I'm blanking on the name, can you help me out Pam?Hum.Fair enough, but I like Flonkerton.So, who will be challenging Kevin in Flonkerton? Anyone?Yes! Phyllis! [claps] Phyllis, just put your foot right through here [lifts strap on box of paper]. Right through the flonk.Here we go.  Here we go.Dig deep, dig deep! OHHHhhh! It's Phyllis!Phyllis by a nose. Gold medal in Flernenton.Thank you, delegate from Iceland.Wow! Ok. No one else should even try! Gold medals! Give him medals. Wow.Very nicely done. I think that's H-O-R for Stanley, and H-O for Phyllis.Oh my god. Phyllis, coming alive. I like it.Who had someone from Vance Refrigeration?Ryan Howard. Ryan! [claps] Gold medal.What? [looks in box] Oh my god. Where did you have time to make that?Alright Pam, alright [gives her hi-five]. Nice work!Final lap. Final lap. Time to beat is 1:15.Time to beat is one minute, 15 seconds. Here they come. [Michael and Dwight enter] Guys?Nothing. Guys? Timer's still going? Er?[hands expense report to Oscar] Here you go. All done.Yeah, I filled out the expense reports. That took about five minutes and then I closed two sales at lunch time. So, about as productive as any other day. If not more so.Hey.Mmm. Hey, can you ignore those and do something for me instead?Okay, today. 5 o'clock. Closing Ceremonies.Notify the athletes.Michael.Nothing. I just wanted to congratulate you on your condo.Nice.Hey, would you mind coming out here for a second? I just have something for you.These are the Closing Ceremonies. Step up. You're on the top one.  [Michael stands on podium] Congratulations to Michael, because he closed on his condo. So, gold medal. [everyone claps]And for Dwight Schrute, the silver medal.Um... 'Cause your condo's in America.Those are the doves.Oh, Pam? Can I see you in here for a second? It's important, so...I found Dwight's wallet in the parking lot.I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what the best play is. Do we tear everything up, or do we buy a horse on the Internet? I mean, I don't know what to do. What do you think?Okay, what?Okay.Nothing.What do you call it? Schruteball?Did you just come up with that?That is good. That's it. That's what it is.Wow. [cup tinkles]Oh, Somebody went in. That was a team effort, Pam.Okay.Mmm-hmm.Oh, okay. Oh, do... that's what the tape is for. I didn't know.Hey, Phyllis, Do you have any games that you play in the office?Um, like stapler tennis or something like that.Okay.Jim Halpert. What? How did you get this number? Stalker.So we're still on for lunch? You're meeting me here? Okay. Great. Bye.Okay.Okay, you know what?  I am going to be, uh, setting the agenda here. Okay? Can everybody gather up, please? Important announcement. Very important announcement. I think this is a perfect opportunity for all of us to participate in some really intense, psychologically revealing conversations. So we're going to be playing Desert Island, umm, Who Would You Do?And, um...Would You Rather. Would You Rather is our third game.Okay, so... three books on a desert island? Angela.Nice. Third book?Okay. Phyllis.Nice.I guess.Uh, it has to be a book, Dwight.Nice. Smart.Okay. Thought people read more books.DVDs! Five movies. What would you bring to the island?  Yes! Meredith?Wow.Wow. Bridges of Madison County, Legally Blond, these movies are just... .Wait, wait, wait. Pam. No. Do you understand? The... the game is Desert Island Movies, not guilty pleasure movies. Desert Island Movies are the movies you're going to watch for the rest of your life! Forever! Unforgivable.Unforgivable.Good.Pam? Get us back into it.Five movies. Go ahead.Ooh, definitely in my top five.What?Okay that's five.Pam, play by the rules.Play by the rules. Dwight. All time favorite movie.All right. Let's move on. Let's move on to the main event. Who Would You Do?Um, not neccessari...Um... okay. Ah, you know what? Maybe I'll... I'll finish explaining the rules. Let's... let me explain it first, and then...Yeah, so we'll get right... You know what? I'll be right back. Stanley, you're taking over for me, buddy. I'll be right back.Dwight. Dwight.Come on Dwight! Use words.Who goes to business school?He does?What?You know what you should do? You should quit. And then, that would stick it to both of them.Yeah. You're right.Alright buddy.Nothing.Um... Kevin, hands down. Yeah. He's really got that teddy bear thing going on, and afterwards, we could just watch bowling.[on the phone] Hey, where are you? Oh good. Yeah. We're just here, we're playing Desert Island. It's when you pick your five favorite DVDs...Hey.Good, how are you?Good to see you, too.Yeah, I am too.What answers?Oh! Right! Right, right, right, come-ah on, on, on. [to everyone] Ladies and gentlemen! Gather around! We have one more participant. Come on, be polite. Be polite. [to Katy] Desert Island. Five movies. Go.Okay, I think the game's over... People are like leaving. There was a bigger crowd last time. Do you just want to go to lunch?Yeah?Sure.Seventy and clear, that's nice. Where's that?Oh, the best.Yeah, we had outside classes all the time and we never did anything.Actually if I had fewer outside classes, I probably wouldn't be stuck here at a paper company.Okay, DVDs. Five movies. What would you bring to the island? Toby, go ahead.Those are like my favorite movies. I didn't really think you could win Desert Island, but I think you just did.Toby and I used to sit together until Michael moved us because he thought we talked too much.Yeah.Kevin, do it.Groundhog Day.Okay, guys, guys, guys. That almost sounded like business, and we are trying to focus here today, okay?And then you go to school for three years.Wow. And just out of curiosity, how much is it?A semester?Wow.Oh, yeah, it sounds like it.I'm a three hole punch version of Jim. 'Cause you can have me either way. Plain White Jim, or Three-hole Punch.Oh, yeah.Okay, okay...Nice.Okay, okay. Um, how 'bout, the ultimate team player? [Pam laughs and types]Dwight is... special. But, I don't believe that his talents are being used in this office. So Pam and I have put his resume on Monster.com, Google, Craig's List. We're really interested most in jobs that take Dwight out of state. Um, preferably Alaska... or India.Um. He sticks to his guns.Um... Whoa. [picks up ringing phone][in managerial voice] Michael Scott here. Yes, I am regional manager of this orifice. Mmm hmm. Dwight Schrute is amazing. Yeah. No, he is actually the single greatest employee of his generation. Mm  hmm. You know what? I'm gonna tell you what. You hire Dwight K. Schrute, and if he does not meet, nay, exceed every one of your wildest expectations, well then, you can hold me, Michael Gary Scott, personally and financially responsible. Okay. Okay. Okay-kay-kay-kay-kay. Okay.Um... it's in Maryland.Yeah.  Yeah. You know what? Maybe... maybe I will. [starts walking away]Honestly, I don't think Michael has the slightest clue of who he's gonna  fire. I think he keeps hoping that someone's going to volunteer. Uh, or be run over by a bus before the deadline. But in the end, really, what's going to happen is it's gonna be the first person to give him a dirty look in the hall. And therein lies the true essence of his charisma.Um... yes.Michael, I really didn't mean to...I'm sorry?Oh, you want me to be you?Okay.Oh, are you firing Creed?We should switch seats in order to...Alright. [they stand up] Excuse me.[They sit down] I'm really sorry, but I have to let you go. And it's purely budgetary. It's not personal...Wow.That's an overreaction.Is this you? Are you being you, or is this Creed? Are you...Okay.Oh, hold that thought. Hold that thought.[picks up the phone] Michael Scott here.Toby? Mm hmm. [looks back to Michael] I really have to take this Creed, so it was really worth...It wasn't me.Yeah, I know.[motions for her to follow him] Come on.That's just a figure of speech, you know? Blow your brains out? Come on. All it really means is that we're friends. Who else is she gonna talk to if I'm gone, right? I mean, if she left, I wouldn't blow my brains out. Of course, I would take that job in Maryland. Because it's double the pay, and soft shell crab just happens to be my favorite food.What's up, Hef?That is weird.Ok, well, you're the one who lost the desk.Okay, calm down.  Where was the last place you saw it?I think you should retrace your steps.Colder... warmer... little warmer... there you go, ooh, warmer... warmer... warmer... warmer... warmer ... cold, cold, cold, back up... ooh, ooh, warmer, hot, red hot,  hot, very hot.[On the phone with Dwight] Hi, Dwight, um, what sort of discounts are we giving on the 20 lb white model.I know.Uh, yeah, ream.Ok, thank you, gotta get back to work.[On the phone] Right, oh let me just check the pricing list.  Hold on one second...Umm...You know what, let me give you a call right back. I'm going to uh, find it and then I'll call you back, thanks.Was that your mom?Oh, I thought it was your mom.Assistant to the Sensei, that's pretty cool.Ok.Uh, Larissa Halpert.117 Mount Bergin St.You making this up as you go along, aren't you?Well, at least I don't have cavities.Thanks.Hey, Dwight. As Sempai, do you think there is ever going to be a day where humans and robots can peacefully co-exist?No I'm not.Oh, that's not advice. What advice sounds like is this: umm, don't ever bring your purple belt to work because someone might steal it. [reveals Dwight's purple belt]Ok, say please.Please?Good, and it absolutely is a toy. Arigatou.Ok, Roy?Ok. Michael? Could you beat up Michael?Well, Dwight's a purple belt, so...Uh, how did you know they were black belts?Sounds tough. When you're a Jet, [starts snapping] you're a Jet all the way, right?I can't. I just got a manicure.Just have Dwight punch you.You know a ton of fourteen year old girls?Are you ok? Are you sure you are alright?Ok, he has to be stopped. Please, please, please, please, just ask Michael.Ok, I'll buy you a bag of chips.Obviously.Yes.Uh, Kitchen.Ooh, what about, uh,  Dwight's dojo?Um, well, we are all getting excited to see this fight. The Albany branch is working right through lunch to prevent downsizing, but Michael, he decided to extend our lunch by an hour so we could all go down to the dojo and watch him fight Dwight. Fight... Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, I'm coming, fight...[Reading Pam's palm, while she has on extremely padded gloves] Wow, that is really interesting.Your love line- I'm just kidding. I can't see anything.[Jim moves his head closer and Pam taps him gently in the face] Oh, ok.[Gently taps Pam on the forehead] Tied up.What, what are you going to do? Bring it, Beesley. Bring it. Oh yeah, good move. Not such an ultimate fighter now.Later, Kev. [Puts French Onion Potato Chips on Pam's desk] Have a good weekend.What about Oscar? Could you beat Oscar?I don't know.  He looks pretty scrappy.True. Meredith.Okay. Roy.Okay. Michael. Could you beat up Michael?No.  They're in the conference room.So this possible client they're talking about, actually a big deal.  It's Lackawanna County.  Our whole county.  And if we get this, they may not have to downsize our branch.  And I could work here for years.  And years.  [groan] Years.No...We are doing worst first dates.Wait, when was this?I always knew Pam has refused to go to sports games with Roy, but I never knew why.  Interesting.Is this real? [Pam dumps Michael's screenplay on Jim's desk]Agent Michael Scarn.How long is this? [flips through pages]  Oh, Pam. Good work! Oop, wait, stop.  Drawings.Oh, those are drawings.  In case the writing didn't really put a picture in your head.  And there he is, in the flesh, Agent Michael Scarn.  Now we know what he looks like.Do we all have our copy of 'Threat Level: Midnight', by Michael Scott?Alright, let's get this started.  I'm gonna be reading the action descriptions, and Phyllis, I would like you to play Catherine Zeta Jones.Oh yeah-Why not, Dwight?  This is a movie.  I mean, this is for all of America to enjoy.Dwight-Do you want to play-The lead role of Agent Michael Scarn?[reading the screenplay] Inside the FBI, Agent Michael Scarn sits with his feet up on his desk.  Catherine Zeta Jones enters.Michael Scarn takes out a nine-millimeter gun and shoots the-A man sitting several seats down, who has a gold face, turns to Michael Scarn. [out of character] Uh... Ooh, Oscar, you wanna play Goldenface?Well, some of us wanna keep reading, so-That's actually a good idea.  We'll all take a brief intermission. [To Pam]  Hey, are you hungry?Yeah?I had plans to meet a friend tonight.  Which I had to cancel.  But this is cool, too. I'm not a complainer.[Pam lights a candle] Wow.Nice.  That's excellent, because bugs love my famous grilled cheese sandwich.So, I guess I'll see you in [looks at watch] ten hours.Travel.  I've been looking forward to it.  It's gonna be... really nice.  Gonna find myself.Yeah. [Pam puts her hand out for an earbud] Definitely.Jan didn't come back for her car last night.Could it be that Agent Michael Scarn has finally found his Catherine Zeta?No way.Some might even say that we had our first date last night.Really.Cause there was dinner, by candlelight.Dinner and a show, if you include Michael's movie. [Pam nods reluctantly]  And there was dancing and fireworks.  Pretty good date.You're right, we didn't dance.  It was more like, swaying.  But still romantic.Least I didn't leave you at a high school hockey game.Oh, come on, Pam.  I-Ok, we didn't dance.  I was totally joking anyway.  I mean, it's not really a date if the girl goes home to her fiance.  Right?Hey.What are you doing?Really?  Do you wanna get back to that?  I could go.  I should go.No, not at all.Uh hmm.Sure.[reading screenplay] Bullets are flying everywhere.  Ooo, wait, last page, big finish.  Here we go. Agent Michael Scarn kicks open the plane door with a karate chop.Well, it's just a movie, Dwigt.Just then, Agent Chang gets a bullet in the head.Another bullets heads towards Agent Michael Scarn, but he jumps out of the plane without a parachute.Yup, I guess so.What was my worst first date?  Umm.  It was a couple of years ago.  It was a lunch date, actually, it was right down here, at Cugino's.  And we had just met, and we really hit it off, it was, it was kinda nice.  Umm, huh.  And, uh, then, as it turned out, it wasn't even a date, because she was actually in love with someone else.  So, best first date is also my worst first date.  Oddly enough.No.  Thank you.Done.S'ok.You're not having sex.Ok, you know what, uh, how much is that?Wow.  Um, ok. [pops Dwight's orb with scissors]Ok.We don't have double-tabbed manila file folders.No, we don't.Alright... well, I'm not asking for a raise. I'm gonna actually be asking for a pay decrease.I win.Wait, wait; one thing.  Uh, by tomorrow, you mean Saturday, right?Duh.Today is Thursday.  But Dwight thinks that it's Friday.  And that's what I'll be working on this afternoon.Ohh...Eck!... Oh! Also, it is Thursday, but Dwight thinks it's Friday.  So, keep that goin'.[on phone] Hey, Dan, this is Jim, and it is about 11:15, and I wanted to know what you were up to tomorrow, which is the fifteenth, and that is a...[pumps fist] ...Saturday, so just let me know what you're doing tomorrow, Saturday, for lunch. Ok, talk to you soon.Hey, how's it goin'?Course, it's on every Thursday night, so how could I miss it?No, that was unbelievable.I don't really wanna picture it.  But thank you, Pam.Um, you don't, I don't think, come all the way back, you know.  Especially working together.Oh-Yeah, no, I don't think you can.Ummm... no idea.Yes.Then why the question?I have one, too. Jim. Jim, Is Jim. My name is Jim.Really?You have a better idea?I'll use that.So, that's... It's great.Yeah. You have fun?Did you go to first base?Oh, yeah?Did you go to second?Second.Okay, so close call at second. Was there an infield fly?Pop-up?Really?So, you got the signal from the third-base coach. You know what I'm saying? Like if there was a fly out to deep right, you know. A runner on second. He tagged up, didn't he?Office romances. Um... [laughs] I think you should probably ask Pam 'cause she's in an office romance, technically.Which one?He can't hear you?I know.Well, that is because that is the gift that keeps on giving. Oh, my God. I left today's paper on my desk.What? Yes, that is exactly what I mean. Wow. You are very good at what you do.Are we in danger?What?Hmm...No.[humming]Uh hum.It's true. I'm having a party.  I've got three cases of imported beer, a karaoke machine, and I didn't invite Michael.  So three ingredients for a great party.  And it's nothing personal, I just think that if he were there, people wouldn't be able to relax, and you know, have fun, and my roommate wants to meet everybody.  Because I'm pretty sure he thinks that I'm making Dwight up.  [sighs]  He is very real.Oh, uh, no. Could-Could, keep that down.Because not everybody knows about the party.Umm, Michael.Because it's a surprise.Uh hmm.So, don't tell.Ok.So, Dwight thinks that tonight is a surprise party for Michael.I know.[laughs] Oh man.  Oh, you know what, speaking of which, I was just trying to get a handle on, you know, numbers for food and stuff.  So do you think that Roy's gonna come, or...Oh, ok, cool.Hey.Yup, it's, uh, four o'clock.Oh, um... .I can't.Uh hmm, definitely.You do?Because you said 'do you wanna hang out'-Really?Aw, that sounds like a lot of fun.Improv sounds great.Alright.I think Stanley just coughed.Quick announcement everybody, if I could have everybody's attention.  We do have wine in the kitchen, and, uh, there is beer available on the porch and despite what you might think, it's not all for Meredith and Kelly, so please enjoy.That's because Mark's my roommate.Uh hmm.Oh, uh, later-ish.Great. [to a group of guests]  Just wanna let you guys know that we will be taking the tour like I promised-Hey!  Just in time!  You wanna go on the group tour? We were just about to leave.Well, the group tour is now leaving, then.  Ladies and gentlemen, just a few things that we are gonna be pointing out to you today, you will be able to see both bedrooms and, uh, if we're lucky, maybe get a chance to peek into the bathroom, who knows.  I have to remind you that flash photography is prohibited and as much as you can, please refrain from touching things. I know you might want to.Uh, actually, I haven't talked to her in a while.We can talk about that later.See, I knew we lost somebody on the tour.  It's-This is my desk.My home office, this is it.Ok, sure. Will do.Yeah, that... Yep, that feels about right.You know what?  Let's just leave that image out of it, because this is a happy place.  Happy thoughts, Pam.  Happy thoughts.Yeah, you don't have to, ummm.  Alright, yes, that's not gonna be awkward at all.Oh yeah.Thank you.Angela, burger? Dog?  Havin' fun?Chicken, hot dog, burger.There is soda inside.Oh by the way how's your side project going?Really?Yeah, definitely didn't need help with that, but, yeah.Oh?Uh, yeah, I guess.Yeah, no one can snap with their little finger.And in this room here, if you look closely, you will find out a few clues about who lives here.  Um, he likes biking, obviously, and uh, what else?  Uh, he likes tour guides, I guess.  And if you're very perceptive, you'll notice that he didn't do a great job of cleaning his room [kicks water bottle under bed].  Ok, and uh, that's the tou-Um, thank you, Ryan, uh, I don't know, I think I made the mistake one day of telling someone that I like penguins, and here we are.And that's why it's on my desk, Phyllis; it means a lot to me, and now that I know it was from you, it means even more.  Moving on!  Uh, ok, so that's the end of the tour for now, and if you liked it please tell your friends: 'Whenever you're in Scranton, visit Casa de la Halpert'.So this year, for the first time ever, I got Pam in Secret Santa. And I got her this teapot, which I know she really wants, so she can make tea at her desk. But I'm also going to stuff it with some inside jokes. Like, this is my high school yearbook photo. She saw it at the party, and it really makes her laugh. Not sure why. What else .. ooh. This is a hot sauce packet. She put this on a hot dog a couple years ago because she thought it was ketchup. And it was really funny, so I kept the other two. [holds up a miniature pencil] This would take a little too long to explain, so I won't. And this is the card. Because Christmas is the time to tell people how you feel.I think I did a pretty good job.Well, I can't tell you cause it's a secret.Yeah?Well, there's a $20 limit, right? So .. ?That's great. Well don't tell me who it is, cause I can ..Oh, cool. [opens his plastic bag]Great. Where did you get it?He obviously forgot to get me something, and then he went in his closet and dug out this little number [holds up way-too-short sleeves] and then threw it in a bag.There's a little more to it.What is Yankee Swap?I thought that was called Nasty Christmas.Oh, shouldn't we ... I bought that specifically for Pam.Sure you don't want the teapot?Right.No. No. Definitely. It's ..Got to be kidding me.Yeah, but, Michael, the point is that we all bought gifts for specific people.I bought this teapot for Pam, and I know she really wants it. So, can I trade you for it?Come on, it's a shamrock keychain. Good luck.Look, it has sentimental value, Dwight. Can I buy it from you?You don't even drink tea.To think that my gift for Pam will be used for that, it's a little too much to handle.You know, you don't have to answer calls during a party. Just thought you should know.But ..Well, either way. This is an amazing gift because it comes with bonus gifts. Look inside.I didn't think you were going to get that one. I really didn't.Hey.What's up, buddy?Wow, that's weird. Oh, dollar for a stapler, that's pretty good.Who, Steve?Oh, there it is. J1.Here, you know what? You can have some nickels.It's time for our first quarter camaraderie event, so pack a swimsuit, a toothbrush, rubber-soled shoes, and a ski mask.'So that he can have us rob a bank, and then escape through the sewers.Yeesh, how old is this ship?I'm not really sure what movie you're talking about. Are you sure you got the title right?Michael stands in the front of the boat and says that he's king of the world within the first hour, or I give you my next paycheck.It's not hilarious, but...Um, no.Yeah. [chanting] Darryl! Darryl! Darryl!Well...Oh, um... [A long silence.]Um... let's see, uh...  The customer. Because the customer is king.You know what? I would save the receptionist. I just wanted to clear that up.No.I don't know. Let's break up.What happened to you?Oh, right, because you announced that his ship was sinking?What a night.She was always engaged.That's... great. You know, to tell the truth, I used to have a big thing for Pam, so...Yeah, I know.Yeah. She's really funny, and she's warm. And she's just... well, anyway.She's engaged.Huh.No, I really don't want to.Thanks, Katy. Um, didn't really prepare anything to say. We're all caught pretty unprepared with this whirlwind courtship. I guess I just wanna say that Pam is the greatest. My best friend. And she's awesome. And...Yeah.[off camera] Yeah, that's right.What?What's going on?I'm sorry? Pam.What is going on?Hey, whoa, Michael...It's, okay, it's Jim.  Just say again, uh, really loudly what happened.You burnedOh...But you said that you went out with her this weekend.[sounds of a car crash] What was that...Oh!He hit the pole!It's broken right, he can't...Oh Dwight, Dwight, [Dwight pukes on his back windshield]  Ohhhhhh!He's still driving... Dwight, you forgot your bumper!So, where are you shipping your foot?So, I guess Pam and Dwight are friends now.Do you think Dwight's bein' a little weird today?And that isn't weird?Quick question: uh, why is Tom Hanks on the wall?I want to clamp Michael's face in a George Foreman grill.You mean today?  He stepped on a George Foremen grill and he burned his foot.Uh, ok, I think we need to take him to the hospital because I'm pretty sure he has a concussion.Fine.Slowly, slowly.  Let's just get to the elevator.What are you doing?  What, stop...[Dwight falls onto the couch] Stop, stop, stop, stop.You can't lay down.Wake up. [sprays Dwight]I'm just gonna get...Just keep him awake.You don't think you should sit in the back with Dwight?Well, I think she has a kid.Come on, get inside.We're going to Chuck E. Cheese.We're going to the hospital, Michael.Oh my God, Dwight, put that down.Give the bottle to Michael [sprays Dwight]Give the bottle to Michael![to Michael] Will you stop?Michael stop.Michael stop. [sprays Michael, then Dwight]Stop [sprays Michael]It's Kurt.  Wow, I am so sad that I know that.Concussion. [Michael scribbles something out] What did you write?So you thought they meant your reason for coming to the hospital.Come on Dwight. [sprays Dwight]Dunder Mifflin, this is Jim.Uh hmm, he should be fine, but, uh, they brought him in for a CAT scan.Michael went in there with him too.  It's pretty sweet.Uh huh.But they shouldn't be much longer now, so we'll be back soon.Ok.Bye.I've had a Foreman grill for about six years, I've done about 85% of my cooking on it, but I've never burnt myself, probably because I don't use it as a pillow.You know, that's probably not gonna last too long, you should go to a hospital and get a real cast.And doctors.I'm gonna pull the car around.Do you speak Spanish?No, I don't.Not much what's up with you?Umm, is it me or does it smell like up-dog in here?Nothin' much what's up with you?[mouthing] So close.Yeah. On the booze cruise I told Michael about some feelings I used to have for Pam. I had just broken up with Katy and had a couple drinks. And I confided in the world's worst confidant.Hey Michael.Remember that thing I told you on the booze cruise about Pam? That... was... personal so if we can just keep that between you and me. That would be great.Umm, hmm.Nobody.Alright. Great. Thank you.I'm going with grape.Which one?I don't know what you mean.Uh, uh, ok.I'm going to take off actually.Tony the tiger.  You don't hear that much any more.Um, I had asked Michael if I could head up the Oscar investigation and he said that only Dwight was capable of handling such sensitive material.Thanks.I don't know probably just gonna eat my ham and cheese sandwich in the break room.No, that's alright, thank you though. It's, I, gotta do some cleaning, should probably stick around here.Oh, ah, no but no. You know what let's go out. That was a good idea.  Let's go out.Nope we're not brothers.Can I just have the ham and cheese sandwich, thanks.Uh, I really don't want to talk about it.Um, she's easy to talk to I guess and she's got a really good sense of humor.Uh-huh.What about you?Wow, that's not what I meant.Thank you.Thanks, thanks Dana.[Holds up Hooters t-shirt] Just you know politics, literature.Well the cats out of the bag. I used to have a crush on Pam and now I [hesitate] don't. Riveting.Hey.Ah, coupon for a free sandwich.It expired in August, and my cell phone charger from two years ago.Big day.Hey oh, listen, um, I told Michael on the booze cruise. It's so stupid. Um, I told Michael that I had had a crush on you when you first started here.Well I thought that, I figured you should hear it from me rather than, I mean you know Michael.And seriously, it's totally not a big deal, ok? And when I found out you were engaged, I mean.Oh you did?No, no, you saw through me, great.Oh yeah, yeah... hope that's okay.And Pam it was like three years ago so I am totally over it.Ok.Hey.Umm, what happened?Hey, hey, wow, wow. Listen man it's, you know what. It's not a big deal.Look its one day, everything's gonna be alright. No big deal. You good?Good.Ready?Wow. Thanks.No, you what, seriously, you should have it.Oh, tomorrow, that's gonna be tough 'cause I already laid out my outfit, so...Oh, nothing.Pam's on vacation and she gets back tomorrow, so it'll be nice to see her.  It'll be nice, and, uh, she set a date for the wedding with Roy.  Uh... June.  Summer.  So, that'll be nice.  And that's that.Oh, nothing.Hey!  Welcome back!So, how was the resort?  Did you ski a lot?Good!  What's goin' on here?What?  I did not do that.  That sounds disgusting.[smelling the stink] Oh.  Wow.That might be a little difficult with the one computer.But there's definitely a desk open in the back....which I guess I'll be taking.No, no, no, seriously, I'll be in the back.Hey, Kelly.Um, just for the day while Michael's at my desk.Allergy to... the desk?It's the lever on the side.No, I don't think I can...Hey!Nothing much.  Let me ask you something.  It's actually little awkward.What do you think of Kelly?Are you interested in her?Really?She said lots of things.I have no idea.Yeah.  Sure.[on phone] Hey, Brenda.  This is, uh, Jim Halpert from the boat.  And I got your number from the corporate directory and, well, I was assuming that you probably gave it to them because you wanted me to ask you out, right?  Um, so gimme a call back.  You can get my number from said directory, um, or just check your e-mail 'cause I just sent you one.  Yikes.  Uh... give me a call back, I hope.  I'll talk to you later. Bye.Yep.What?Oh, just somewhere in the Poconos. I was just surfing.Just give me one second. I'm just gonna grab something to eat.Hey.So, you used to share that cubicle with Kelly, right?And then you just changed desks, right?To one without a cubicle.So, you just couldn't take it anymore, huh?So, that's how it's gonna be.What is?Thanks for the head's up, Kev.Oh, no, no. No.Yeah. Nope. Yeah. Definitely.Yeah. I like talking to her too.Yes. Yeah.Yep. Cool, man.Ponies.Flowers.Hey!It's a complete... well, actually it's exactly what you'd expect, so... How are the girls?Did you really?Oh.Good.Nice. Well, what's it all about?I think you should do it. That's great!So you're not doing it.Why not?Come on.Roy said that.You got to take a chance on something sometime, Pam. I mean, do you want to be a receptionist here, always?You are?Oh, that one was good.Do you mean vibrate?So I broke up with Katy and haven't been dating anybody else, so this year I don't have to worry about Valentine's Day. It's gonna be good. I invited a couple of friends over. We're gonna play some cards and I'll end up winning a lotta money. Because, they're idiots. It's gonna be great.I dunno, it's onIt was there when I sat down.Hey Kelly. What's up?OH, that's great. I'm really happy for [starts to walk away]Wow.Wow.No, don't be.I bet.Alright. [Kelly squeals][on phone] Nah that's alright. Spend money on her, instead of giving it to us. That's fine. No, I didn't even have a seat for you anyway. Yeah, hahaha, alright man, have a good night. Bye.Take it slow. 'Cause it seems like a lot of the time things like that need... [Ryan walks in][under breath] Oh, no, not while I'm here.You know what? Here's the deal, Kelly. It would be really nice if he was in to you, right? It'd be great, but he isn't.Well, he's not, though. So you just gotta suck it up. You just gotta move on. Try to have some fun. Come to my poker game tonight.Yeah. Alright, Beesly, Hey, Happy Valentine's Day.Animalian?Why?You're writing something?Okay.No, I'm not gonna do that.But I know how to spell it.Only if you tell me what you're writing.So now you're writing two things?Dwight lives on a beet farm and he practices karate at the forth grade level. And he apparently has a girlfriend, so... I guess there really is someone for everybody.Can we not?Still want that.Cugino's pizza.Dwight was the top salesman of the year at our company. He wins a little prize money and gets honored at some convention. It is literally the highest possible honor that a Northeastern Pennsylvania-Based Mid-size Paper Company Regional Salesman can attain, so...What did I do to deserve this?No.Oh, I should get back. Talk to you guys later.Hi, yeah, can I talk to one of your travel agents?I'm going to take a trip. I'm going to get out of town for a while... and go someplace... not here.Where do I want to go? Um... that is an excellent question. And one I should have probably thought about before I called you. Um...Can I go?So. Uh... I am going on a trip. But not really sure where I'm going yet. It's kind of open-ended. So I was hoping maybe you guys would have some suggestions?What is that?I was thinking more like Europe. Or something like that. But, good second choice.When did you go there?Really for like how long?Where do I want to go?No. We're not.Which means absolutely nothing.Dwight. If you could travel anywhere in the world where would you go?Okay. Just trying to get some advice on my trip.You know I majored in Public Speaking in College.Mmmhmm. And the first thing they teach you is that you've got to be true to your self. And you are all about authority.The great speakers throughout history were not joke tellers. They were people of passion. So if you want to do well today, you got to do what they did.You've got to wave your arms and you've got to pound your fists. Many times. It's supposed to emphasize your point.Ok, I didn't actually major in Public Speaking. But, I did download speeches from some of history's famous dictators. Like this one [holds up paper]. Originally given by Benito Mussolini.Ok, look. I know you are giving this speech on your ownMaybe. Thanks.Yeah. I'm definitely going.I'm going. I'm a little nervous to run into Dwight on his connecting flight to Mordor. But, other than that... um, yeah, I bought the ticket, non-refundable.I don't know. I feel like I have plenty of time to figure out the details but...I'm... leaving on June 8th.Yeah. And I'm really sorry about that, I just...Yeah. Do you want me to take these on my way out?Alright.Goggles?Bribery. Nice.The ocean.What are you reading?Aww, best book?Pfft. So have I. Hey, question. If you had to spend a night in the Met or the Aquarium, which would it be?Definitely. Yes. Glad you said that. ...You don't want to help me with some of my sales, do you? 'Cause, I'm kind of swamped.Really?Yesss. And you're Abby, right?I'm Jim. [Jim hi-fives Abby] Annnnd... let's sell some paper.Let's start with... your mom.[shaking hands with Abby] Ow, ow, ow, ow, you broke my hand.Really? 'Cause she's pretty strong, Dwight.That's pretty funny.Can't believe his mom dressed him like that, that's the real tragedy.Ohh, man, I would love to! I can't tonight, but can I come over some other time? [Abby nods]Thanks, Kev. Uhm... I'm actually going on a date.Why does he own a guitar if he doesn't know how to play?I'm pretty excited about today. I baby-sit Toby's daughter Sasha sometimes. So, she's the coolest kid. She has seen me play with dolls, though, so I don't know how cool she thinks I am.Hey, Abby. I wanted to give you this for all your hard work today. Look. Michael signed it and everything. Official.Absolutely.Actually, I have the certification number right here.Yup.All right.A7557962.' Totally nonsense numbers, but you do what you have to do.No, um. How is this not a pyramid scheme?Hey. ...Oh, happy birthday.Man, I'm so sorry. When do you find out?Oh, okay.Kelly, you know what...Sometime today.Maybe, but... we're gonna need somebody to create a diversion, and...So. We got Kev some stuff. Um... a party pack of M&M's, his favorite candy. A DVD of American Pie 2, which is his favorite movie, and, he lent it to Creed, so, I can guarantee you he won't get that back.Which we realize sounds crass, but, it... is his favorite number.[puts fabric softener into cart] ...What?Yeah, you don't?...Okay.Yeah. Okay. Oh. I dare you to make an announcement.Just... quit stalling.Such a dork.How old are you?Well that's an invasion of privacy, so, I'm going to tell Michael.You... owe me.Think you can let go?Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa. [Michael skates by]Is that Michael?...It's something to think about.Michael's birthday. It's pretty fun to watch, actually. He gets very excited, and then he eats a lot of cake. And then he runs around the office. Then he has a sugar crash in the afternoon. And then he falls asleep. And that's when we get our work done.You look cute today, Dwight.So, yesterday Dwight found half a joint in the parking lot. Which is unfortunate because as it turns out, Dwight[mimicking Stanley] I enjoy the tangy zip of Miracle Whip.Whoa. You are a volunteer.And that's not the same.[interrupting] Volunteer duty.Well, your office is behind you.I'm just saying that you can't be sure that is wasn't you.Marijuana is a memory loss drug, so maybe you just don't remember.Well, how could you, if it just erased your memory?Now how do you know how it works?No! You said that I'd be conducting the interview when I walked in here. Now exactly how much pot did you smoke?Oh, um...[mimicking Stanley] Why do you keep CC'ing me on things that have nothing to do with me?  [Pam and Oscar laugh, Stanley walks in, and Oscar leaves quickly]Oh, hey Stanley. Uh, I was just doing an impression.Oh...[mouths] C'mon![presses drink button, looks at camera, makes Jim-face]Hi.How much time do you have left on your break?Wow. What a terrible day to not be able to talk.  Dwight was literally carrying around his own urine and dressed like one of the Village People. Why does he do the things that he does for Michael?  I just don't get it. What is he getting out of that relationship?[growling] Nice.Yeah.Um, [gives Pam a look]Whoa.Yeah.[telephone ringing] [shows note to camera 'It's OK. She'll call back!']Yeah, I mean it's inevitable. I definitely overhear some wedding preparation, but I'm fine with it. She hears me arranging my social life. And we both have to hear Dwight order deer urine over the Internet, so it evens out.Dwight tried to kiss me.And I didn't tell anyone because I'm not really sure how I feel about it.Well, I'm not actually making a formal complaint. I just really think we should talk about it.Well, it was redacted. Look, if she wants an invite, maybe she's just trying to be friends.[sighs] Well, what does Roy think about everything?You mean your thoughts and feelings?Yeah...Hey... you know what, Dwight? Maybe we should get our photo I.D. taken together.Well, it saves time, you know. 'Cause we could just meet in the parking lot every morning. Walk in together. Perfect.This came out really well. [picks up Dwight's I.D. from the laminating machine and hands it to Dwight] There you go.Oh.What did I write?[laughs] Yes! Five bucks each. And it was totally worth it.That actually took a while. I had to put, uh, more and more nickels into his handset, till he got used to the weight, and then I just... took 'em all out.Just a simple macro. You know, these actually don't sound that funny one after another. But he does deserve it, though.Yeah, I just moved it an inch every time he went to the bathroom. And that's how I spent my entire day that day.Maybe Stanford would be cool.Yeah. Maybe we should both go.Sure you do, Dwight. Sure.No, Pam.Pam, it wasn't her.I'm the one who complained about you.I... I didn't know that Toby was gonna write it down. [the camera flashes] I was just venting.You know, it was one day.And I took it right back. It was like...[on Pam's answering machine] Hey, Pam... it's Jim. Um, I have a doctor's appointment in the city. So I probably won't be in till the late afternoon. Just thought I'd let you know. Okay, bye. [camera shows Jim sitting on a waiting coach in another Dunder Mifflin office]Oh, thanks.I don't know.Dwight, I really think someone's probably just playing a prank on you, so just go right through it.Probably is.Just cut through it, man, it's no big deal.That is not why. Wow, man, he really wants to get in touch with you. Maybe it's a murder.Maybe poison?My God!Not bad.What does Level Red mean?Excuse me. How long is the wait for a table for two?I can always kind of win at roulette.Yeah.Mind control.Ever since I was a little kid, like, eight or nine, I could sort of control things with my mind.It was just little thing, you know, like I could make something shake or I could make a marble fall off the counter. You know, just little things.Okay, I'll try. [The coat rack wobbles] [Pam holds up an umbrella handle to the camera in another scene]That doesn't exist anymore.I think you mean the aid to Afghanistan.Guys, the Afghanistananies.What are you doing?Till Death Do Us Rock.'Oh.Wait, wait, where you going? I mean, even if you don't hire a band, you still have to watch the bands. Pam, these are people who have never given up on their dreams. I have great respect for that. And, yes, they're all probably very bad and that will make me feel better about not having dreams.Let's do it.Why did I talk to Jan about transferring? Well, you know... I have no future here.[Jim ejects a videotape from the VCR and puts in a new one] Wow. I don't know how you're gonna decide. They are all extremely good.Yes.Your mom would love that. She would. Oh, this band is called Scrantonicity.Let's take a look. Nice.What?Oh, my God, that's Kevin! Great song, Kev. Oh,  my God, he's the drummer and the singer.Wow. Oh!Yeah, you haven't seen that since 1983. That is amazing. Okay, we have to sign him. I'm gonna call the label, we're gonna...No, Pam, you're gonna lose him to another wedding.Kev![coughs] I will raise. [Dwight sighs and folds his cards] Thanks.It's the weirdest thing. Every time I cough, he folds.Yeah, right.What was this? [Makes face]Really?Wow. I think you're bluffing.Oh. Three nines.Thank you very much. It was fun.So, that's still going on, huh? You and Kelly?No, thanks. You having fun?Yeah, we all really...Well, I think you look great.Yeah, why did you?Oh, yeah.No.Okay, will do.Hey, how's it going?Yeah. Hey, can I talk to you about something?No, I...I was just... I'm in love with you.I'm really sorry if that's weird for you to hear, but I needed you to hear it. Probably not good timing, I know that. I just...I just needed you to know. Once.Yeah.Don't do that.Come on. I don't wanna do that. I wanna beNot your fault. I'm sorry I misinterpreted our friendship.My charity is the Lackawanna County Volunteer Sheriff's Department, because Dwight's a Volunteer Sheriff. So I thought this was a perfect opportunity to support/mock him.[after 'the kiss'] You have no idea how long I've wanted to do that.No I'm not drunk.  Are you drunk?Are you really gonna marry him?  [Pam nods] ...Ok.I can't say whether Dunder Mifflin paper is less flammable, sir, but I can assure that it is certainly not more flammable.Why did I transfer to Stamford?  I think that's pretty obvious.  I got promoted!  And you can't beat that view... right?Uh-huh, yeah.  I am.OooOK.I ate a tuna sandwich, on my first day.  So, Andy started calling me Big Tuna.  ...I don't think any of them actually know my real name.Oh, I can do that.What's gay-dar?I miss that.Let's find out. [starts typing]Oh! Lots of results.It's really good to see you, man.Yeah, sold about forty thousand.No, it's not. I did. Yep.You know, when I saw Dwight, I realized how stupid and petty all those pranks I pulled on him were. And then he spoke. I wonder how hard it would be to get a copy of his room key.Oh, Dwight. I've missed you so much.That is a lot of liquor.And a dart board.Oh, no, sorry, it's an inside joke. There's this bartender at Stamford who, uh... you know what? You'd just have to be there.Yeah.All right, nice meeting you, Ted. Take care.Oh yeah?Oh, tell him I say hi.Hey, how is... Toby?Oh, no, it was... you know, a good opportunity for me, a promotion. I got a chance to...Michael, it's really not a competition.Michael.Dwight's room key. And... Dwight's room. What can I say? Old habits die hard.Oh my God. Dwight got a hooker! Oh my God, I gotta call... well, I gotta call somebody, I don't even know who to call. Dwight got a hooker!Michael. Am I the first to arrive?Can I get a drink?Can I get a drink?Yeah.Michael...Wait, wait. I didn't transfer because of you. You're a good boss. You're a great boss.Michael, it's not about... I transferred because of Pam.No, I just... I heard something about that. It's just, I kind of put it all on the line. Twice, actually. And she said no. Twice.Nope, that's okay.That's all right.Yeah. Okay, maybe.Hey.How are you?No, we used to. Now we're friends.At the Stamford branch, they all play this World War II video game called Call of Duty, and they're all really into it.  I'm told it started as a team building exercise.  Unfortunately I really suck at it.  We didn't play many video games in Scranton.  Instead we'd do stuff like, uh, Pam and I would sometimes hum the same high pitched note, and try to get Dwight to make an appointment with an ear doctor.  And uh, Pam called it... Pretendenitus.I'm just killing Germans, any way I can.[turning around to Karen] Wait, are we playing teams?Yeah I think we can be a big help to your company.  [someone dims the lights, signifying that it's game time]  Ok, see you next week.  Bye.  [to Karen] Again?Oh, I'm sorry I don't know... what we're talking about...Um, sniper rifle?I'm sorry what are you whispering about?I'm trying---Oh.What? [Karen's player shoots Jim's player, 'You killed Jim Halpert' appears on the screen, Karen giggles]Wow. Psychopath.  [Karen grins widely at Jim][leaving his desk for the day, pretends pull the pen out of a pretend grenade, and tosses it to Karen][playing Call of Duty] Oh? Someone's left out in the open, taking a little siesta. Not smart. [shoots] Yes! Finally killed you... [Karen's desk is empty]Hey, Jan.[nervously] Pretty good.[baffled expression]Things are a little bit... different here in Stamford. [shrug] It's not bad.Oh yeah, definitely.What's up?Oh.Mmm, that's where you're wrong.  I'm your project supervisor today, and I have just decided that we're not doing anything until you get the chips that you require.  So, I think we should go get some.  Now, please.Okay, that is a 'no' on the on the West Side Market.Wow.  Never pegged you for a quitter.Really?Oh, there's no game.  We're just trying to get these chips for Karen.I have no idea.  We went right for the copier.And then we checked the fax machine.[on phone]  Hi, yeah.  This is Mike from the West Side Market.  Well, we get a shipment of Herr's salt and vinegar chips, and we ordered that about three weeks ago and haven't ... . yeah.  You have 'em in the warehouse.  Great.  What is my store number... six.  Wait, no.  I'll call you back. [quickly hangs up] Shut up [to Karen].Nice!Sounded good.Where'd I find what?I called the manufacturer, who referred me to distributor, who referred me to the vending machine company, who told me that they sell them in the machines in the building next door.Umm... sure.[chuckles] He's so cute.That's okay. [Hannah shows pic of husband naked with baby] Oh, no, it's not. I'm sorry, is that your husband in the tub with him?Sounds good.What?Is it?No, I didn't. I took back my chair that you took from me, but I didn't take your chair.So I guess I can't get up.Sure.[sings] Love me, love me, say that you love me, fool me, fool me,Go on and fool me. Love me, love me, say that you love mefool me, fool me, go on and fool me. Love me,Love me, say that you love me. Fool me, fool me, go on and fool me.Ah, hey.Hi.Sorry, I forgot Kevin's extension. It's a fantasy football thing.And I was just going to go through the system cause I didn't think you'd be there. Why, why are you still there?Wow. Do you think you could send me a copy of that?So...Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead.Oh, good.What time is it here? Um, we're in the same time zone.How far away did you think we were?Yeah. I have a question for you.How many words per minute does the average person type?Shut up. Mavis Beacon doesn't even type 90.Ok, I said average.Forget it. I was just about to brag but forget it.No.65. Ok, no need to laugh.Respectable?Right.Ok.Yeah.I know!No way. How do you confuse 28 Days with 28 Days Later?No, you're making this up!Yes. Fancy New Beesley would make that up. New apartment, new stories.And how many kitchens?Wow, you got totally taken for a ride Beesley.Most apartments these days have like three.Yes!  How are you going to cook every meal of the day in one kitchen?Pam?Pam?Oh, yeah, I should, I should, I should probably go too.Oh, no no.Yeah, uh, well.Ok.Yeah. Bye Pam.See, that's weird.I saw the movie. I just don't know every line from the film.Sorry.I started biking into work. Josh does it and he lives a lot farther away than I do. And also it saves gas money, keeps me in shape... helps the environment. And now I know it makes me really sweaty for work.Thank you.Scuse me?Wow.Yup.Once a quarter, the sales staff at this branch has to stay late to do order form consolidation... which, amazingly, is even less interesting than it sounds.What's that?Yep.Oh, Holy Mother of God.Good.Oh.Can I have a ride, man? I... uh... I have my bike.Okay.Oh.I'm a drunk driver.Man, you can really hold your liquor, Billabelli.No kidding. And I am just going to lie down in the back, if that's all right.So good.Nope, I got eel.Hey.Oh, umm... kinda hard to explain.I don't have a ton of contact with the Scranton branch, but, before I left, I took a box of Dwight's stationery, so, from time to time, I send Dwight faxes. From himself. From the future. [reading fax] 'Dwight, at 8 A.M. today, someone poisons the coffee. Do not drink the coffee. More instructions will follow. Cordially, Future Dwight.'Really? Wow... that's bad.Well, I work here now.I worked in Scranton for a really long time. And uh, it's going to be weird that it's all disappearing. I mean, I always knew that the branch would shut down someday. I just figured it would be because Michael sold the building for some magic beans.Hey, do you have a second?I know it's not definite or whatever, but uh, do you know who's coming over here from Scranton?Okay, so is it like sales or... accountants?What does that mean?Say what you will about Michael Scott, but he would never do that.Wow.Thank you.No, it's just I'm not sure if I um... well to be quite honest with you, Jan, I have a few unpleasant memories of Scranton. And um...No. No, no. Just um... some personal stuff. And I'm not really ready to revist that, I don't think.Okay.I really don't know.  How you doing with all this?You'd actually move to Scranton?New York City is 45 minutes down the road from here. And you wanna  move to Scranton? I dunno. If I were you I'd move to New York?Hey, um, I think I am gonna take that job. And Scranton... it's not that bad. So, if they offer you a job there, I think you should take it.Okay.The Stamford branch is closing and everybody's just packing up their stuff. Andy Bernard made these tasteful hats.Yeah.You know what? I think you just need to meet him.Sounds good Andy.Yes. This is going to be very interesting. All right, I'm out of here. See you later?Right.Okay.Hi, I'm Jim. I'm new here.Yeah, I was just doing a little joke there about how we'd never met...Awesome! Good to be back. The place looks really good.You, too.Where do I stand with Pam? Um... no idea. I mean, we're friends. Always have been friends. Um... .that is where we stand.Hey, Dwight.Okay. Sounds good.I don't know what you're talking about.No. Looks good.I'm not.I am.Okay.Hey! How are you man? Good to see... you.Oh, I'm sorry. Are you sitting here now?Oh.You know, man, it's really you're call.[whispers] Let me get that for you.This one taken? No. Good.Hey, Toby!How are you, man?I just wanted to say hi.Oh. Is that like your new thing?No. It's cool.All right. Good to be back.All right.No problem.[off camera] ...what?Kelly!Really?Great. What's new with you?Oh, this looks promising.It reminds me of the orientation video showed on my first day. 'The Scranton Witch Project'.Terrible. Totally unconvincing.Not bad, but you are Italian so... try it more Italian.You feel good?All right.Hey!Oh yeah. I'm trying to move away from that. Getting into more of a bottled water phase.Well, I'm evolving, Pam.Oh! Um... tonight, actually? No. I'm uh just still getting settled.Okay.Nope. You're not interrupting anything. Nope. I'm...Don't...All right. [to Pam] I should probably get back to work. Get back to work.All right!Does he ever.Yeah, it does, actually.[talking on cellphone] Hey! Where you at, Filippelli?[laughs] What's wrong? You didn't have a good first day?Yeah. Sure. Sounds good. I... . [sees Pam in rearview mirror] Hey! You know what? Can I give you a call right back?Ok, thanks.Hey.I thought you had already... left.Oh... Good.Oh, nothing. I just feel bad. I feel like things were a little weird today... or something.I just think I should tell you that... I've sort of started seeing someone. And uh...O..ok. Um..good.Right.Yeah. Good to be back.Hey, Kev. How you doing?Okay.Smart. Good. [to Angela] Hey, Angela.Bye, Angela. All right, Kev.See you later.Yeah, I never even knew that part of the office existed. [Pam chuckles] Hey, who's that guy? [Jim points to Stanley]Huh.Seems like a nice enough guy.What about, uh.. [points at Meredith]Really?Thank you for all of this. This is so helpful. You know what? One last question. Um, who is that fine older gentleman in the corner? [points to Creed]For the North.Obviously.Sorry. Man. [Pam hesitates and then leaves]Yeah.Hey.Just about... yup. Now.Yes. I have started to see Karen. It's very new, and... not really ready to talk about it openly yet, just because, I think, once the word gets out there, it might affect the way people behave around us or... I dunno. Just, not yet.[picks up phone] Jim Halpert....Okay I can't... help you... with that.She is dating Ryan, I think.She's... high-maintenance.Yeah, trust me, that would be fun for no one....Absolutely you should.I know Pam pretty well. I know the things that she likes, and, just as important, I know the things that she hates. So, one of the things that she likes is pranks. And, the things that she hates...Frisbee-based competitions...She...Lead off with that. She loves hunting. She also loves those ads for Six Flags, with the old guy. [Andy hums Six Flag ad] Got it. Also... do you speak pig latin?Jonas Salk.Justin Timberlake?What is that, like... five pounds?Oh. Andy. I thought of one last tact you can take with Pam.Quick question - do you play the guitar?Hold on, let me think about that, yes, that'll work. But can you sing in a sexy high falsetto voice?Yup. That's perfect.Hey.Perfect....I'm messing with Andy. I'm sending him to all the women in the office with... just... terrible information on how to get them to go out with him....Oh, you know what? ... It was... gonna be Pam, but...Uh, you know what though? I feel like I already sicked him on Pam... we'll give her a break. Let's think of someone else.Where... did you learn all of this?So, not prison.What'd you do, Prison Mike?That is... quite the rap sheet, Prison Mike.Well, you're... in... prison, but, mmhmm.Okay, Michael. Come on. Let us out.Merry Christmas Dwight.Wow. What have we got here?Dead goose.All right.Wow. Win-Win.Wow. What kind of bike is that?But the paint's chipping. Is that your old bike, Michael?[Creed takes toy from toy drive box.] Oh, I think you're supposed to put a toy[Carol walks through door looking upset] [waves] Carol.It's a bold move, to Photoshop yourself into a picture with your girlfriend and her kids on a ski trip with their real father. But then again, Michael's a bold guy. [Towards unseen cameraman] Is bold the right word?What?Are you serious?[Opens folder and reads from Dwight's file] Last year, my boss, Michael Scott, took a day off because he said he had pneumonia, but really, he was leaving early to go to magic camp. Wow.[closes folder] You know what? Uh, I really don't think I should be doing this stuff anymore, you know?No, because of the promotion.It just feels a little bit, like...I feel like there's a chance for me to start over. And if I fall back into the same kind of things I used to do., then ... what am I doing?Will they still air 'Rudolph?'Yup, looks like the Scranton people and the Stamford people are finally coming together. And that's what you want, right?OK, I think I can help here.As ranking number two, I am starting a committee to determine the validity of the two committees and I am the sole member. The committee will act on this now.Could you please keep it down? [interrupted Dwight] I'm in session. I've determined that this committee is valid. [Pam and Karen cheer.]Permission denied.OK. [to Ryan] Wow, thanks for taking all the excuses, dude.Yes.No, it's not.Oh, [points to Cindy] she's asleep.Probably.And she's trying to correctly butcher a goose, but she's having trouble coming up with it.Oh no, this is different. The CIA thing, that was a prank on Dwight. This is more like a umm... OK, it's pretty much the same thing.I'm sure they'll want to meet her, too.All right [high fives Kevin]What a horrible, horrible movie that was.Thank you.No. She wasn't.Well, for starters, I've known you as a couple since the beginning of the relationship, which was approximately [looks a watch] three hours ago.Sorry.You what?Yeah.You just had a rebound.Yeah. Which, don't get me wrong, can be a really fun distraction, but, when it's over, you're left thinking about the girl you really like, the one that broke your heart.[to Pam] Oh, you know what? Sorry, forgot to tell you. I intercepted a transmission earlier and it seems that the CIA is gonna need Dwight down at their headquarters in Langley for training and an ice cream social with the other agents.Oh no, that would be great.Hmm... Well, maybe the CIA can send a helicopter?So, really, you're just calling her?All right, let's get started. Umm... Oh, first off, we're supposed to be pushing cardstock this week. So... let's push cardstock this week. Uh, also... [to Dwight] what is this?For what?OK. Uh, Karen, any news from that law firm?Oh my God, Dwight, what're you doing?You're not allowed to take off your pants in the middle of the office.Dwight, you know what, just back up, okay, that's making me uncomfortable. This is sexual harassment, by the way. Oh my God! He's got a knife!No, let the record show that Dwight K. Schrute is now completely nude and is holding a plastic knife to Stanley's neck?![picks up tape recorder and speaks into it] Dwight Schrute is now wearing a baby's bonnet.Oh my God, Karen, you're right, that is Animal from the Muppet Babies.You want to talk about it?Yep, it's English, it's 'impossible.'Yikes.Fantastic.Hey.Yeah.Yeah. Yes. Um, I'm just in this, like, stupid fight with Karen.Really?So, I dunno, I just feel likes we've been dating a month, right? Same street. I think that might be a little close. A little much.Hmm, what?Yeah, I guess.Hey, thanks a lot.Oh, yeah, How have we not talked about this already? I mean what happened there? Kidnapping? [both start laughing]Urkel Grue.Uh, I think you dropped this [hands over piece of paper]Definitely.[raises hand] Are you stoned?In the picture, are you high?Is that not what happens when you're high?Oh, loves it.Green walls.Ooh... fancy.[Dwight and Andy stacking boxes rapidly] Nice.Okay.Hello.Yeah, you can.For this?Pam, meet Harvey. This is Michael's new friend.Oh well, 'Yoy' should bring in 'Long Tim' in one day. Shouldn't he?Yeah. Right?Ok.Yup. I'll trade.Dwight and I used to go on sales calls all the time. In fact, I have a picture to remember that time. Oh young Jim. There is just so much I need to warn you about. And yet, tragically, I cannot.Seriously? You're going to sit in the back?You still do that thing?After you sir.Ok, well, that still leaves a 30% chance that I will attack you from the front.We can offer our biggest discounts on 30% recycled and ultra-premium laser.Let me talk to you about a few of the other things we can offer. Namely, we know the tax season is coming up, so by April 1st we can have you fully stocked.We have discount prices on ink cartridges...And, also, any forms that you are going to need...We can custom make them.