All right Jim. Your quarterlies look very good. How are things at the library?So you've come to the master for guidance? Is this what you're saying, grasshopper?All right. Well, let me show you how it's done.[on the phone] Yes, I'd like to speak to your office manager, please. Yes, hello. This is Michael Scott. I am the Regional Manager of Dunder Mifflin Paper Products. Just wanted to talk to you manager-a-manger. [quick cut scene] All right. Done deal. Thank you very much, sir. You're a gentleman and a scholar. Oh, I'm sorry. OK. I'm sorry. My mistake. [hangs up] That was a woman I was talking to, so... She had a very low voice. Probably a smoker, so... [Clears throat] So that's the way it's done.I've, uh, I've been at Dunder Mifflin for 12 years, the last four as Regional Manager. If you want to come through here... See we have the entire floor. So this is my kingdom, as far as the eye can see. This is our receptionist, Pam. Pam! Pam-Pam! Pam Beesly. Pam has been with us for...  forever. Right, Pam?If you think she's cute now, you should have seen her a couple of years ago. [growls]Any messages?Oh! Pam, this is from Corporate. How many times have I told you? There's a special filing cabinet for things from corporate.It's called the wastepaper basket! Look at that! Look at that face.People say I am the best boss. They go, 'God we've never worked in a place like this before. You're hilarious.' 'And you get the best out of us.' [shows the camera his WORLD'S BEST BOSS mug] I think that pretty much sums it up. I found it at Spencer Gifts.Whassup!Whassup!Whass...up![Strains, grunts] What?OK. All right. See you later.Back to work.Corporate really doesn't really interfere with me at all. Jan Levinson Gould. [walking out of his office] Jan, hello.  I call her Hillary Rodham Clinton. Right? Not to her face, because... well, not because I'm scared of her. Because I'm not. But, um... Yeah.Um... Me no get an agenda.I didn't get any agenda.Really? I didn't... [looks at Pam] Did we get a fax this morning?Why isn't it in my hand? A company runs on efficiency of communication, right? So what's the problem, Pam? Why didn't I get it?Yeah, that was a joke. That was a joke that was actually my brother's, and... It was supposed to be with bills and it doesn't work great with faxes.Yeah, yeah. Lovely. Thank you.OK...No, no, no, no, this is good. This is good. This is fine. Excellent.All the alarm bells are kind of going... ringie-dingie-ding!OK. No problem.Me no wanna hear that, Jan. Because downsizing is a bitch. It is a real bitch. And I wouldn't wish that on Josh's men. I certainly wouldn't wish it on my men. Or women, present company excluded. Sorry. Uh, is Josh concerned about downsizing himself? Not downsizing himself but is he concerned about downsizing?Question. How long do we have to... [Telephone rings] Oh uh, Todd Packer, terrific rep. Do you mind if I take it?Oh, that's not appropriate.Uh, I don't know what you mean.Oh, my God! Oh! That's... horrifying. Horrible. Horrible person.No, absolutely. Under this regime, it will not leave this office. [zips his lips] Like that.Am I going to tell them? No, I am not going to tell them. I don't see the point of that. As a doctor, you would not tell a patient if they had cancer.Hey.Guilty! Guilty as charged!Howard, like Moe Howard. Three Stooges.Watch this. This is Moe. Nyuck-nyuck-nyuck-nyuck-nyuck. Mee! [hold hand up for a high five] Ah, right here. Three Stooges. Oh, Pam. It's a guy thing, Pam. I'm sort of a student of comedy. Watch this. Here we go. [Yelling in cod German] I'm Hitler. Adolf Hitler. [Continues with cod German]Relax. Everything's under control. Uh, yeah. Yeah. That's important. Right. Oh this is so important, I should run to answer it. [Imitating Six-Million Dollar Man sound effect]Come on. Six-Million Dollar Man! Steve Austin! Actually, that would be a good salary for me, don't you think? Six million dollars? Memo to Jan. I deserve a raise.I'm sorry?If you're unhappy with your compensation, maybe you should take it up with HR. OK. Not today, OK? Pam, just be professional. [Sighs]I think I'm a role model here. I think I garner people's respect. [Imitating a PA] Attention all Dunder Mifflin employees, please. We have a meeting in the conference room, ASAP.People I respect, heroes of mine, would be Bob Hope... Abraham Lincoln, definitely. Bono. And probably God would be the fourth one. And I just think all those people really helped the world in so many ways that it's really beyond words. It's really incalculable.Now I know there's some rumors out there and I just kind of want to set the record straight.Assistant to the Regional Manager.I'm about to tell everybody. I'm just about to tell everybody.You don't know what it is. [Laughs]I don't need your permission.Corporate has deemed it appropriate to enforce an ultimatum upon me. And Jan is thinking about downsizing either the Stamford branch or this branch.Not gonna happen.It won't be out of my hands Stanley, OK. I promise you that.No.Well, yeah, it is a promise. And frankly, I'm a little insulted that you have to keep asking about it.I know. Hold on a second. I think Pam wanted to say something. Pam, you had a look that you wanted to ask a question just then.Well, Pam maybe you should stick to the ongoing confidentiality agreement of meetings.No, Stanley. No, you did not see me in there with her. I said if Corporate wants to come in here and interfere, then they're gonna have to go through me. Right? You can go mess with Josh's people, but I'm the head of this family, and you ain't gonna be messing with my chillin.Watch out for this guy. Dwight Schrute in the building. This is Ryan, the new temp.Introduce yourself. Be polite.Assistant to the Regional Manager. So, uh, Dwight tell him about the kung fu and the car and everything.That's his profit.OK. Hold on, hold on. The judge is in session. What is the problem here?What is that?No, no, no. Do not take it out. You have to eat it out of there, because there are starving people in the world [turns to camera] which I hate, and it is a waste of that kind of food.Discipline. Kinky! [Laughs] All right, here's the deal you guys. The thing about a practical joke is you have to know when to start and as well as when to stop.And yeah, Jim this is the time to stop putting Dwight's personal effects into Jell-O.[Laughing] Nice. That's the way it is around here. It just kind of goes round and round.Hey! Yes! New guy! He scores.Pudding. Pudding... I'm trying to think of another dessert to do.So have you felt the vibe yet? We work hard, we play hard. Sometimes we play hard when we should be working hard. Right? I guess the atmosphere that I've created here is that I'm a friend first, and a boss second... and probably an entertainer third. [Knock at door] Just a second. Right? Oh, hey do you like The Jamie Kennedy Experiment? Punk'd and all that kind of stuff?You are gonna be my accomplice. Just go along with it, OK?Just follow my lead. Don't pimp me, all right? Come in. So, uh, Corporate just said that I don't want to...Oh, thank you. Pam, can you come in here for a sec. Just have a seat. I was gonna call you in anyway. You know Ryan. As you know, there is going to be downsizing. And you have made my life so much easier in that I am going to have to let you go first.Why? Well, theft and stealing.Post-it Notes.50 cents, yeah. If you steal a thousand Post-It Notes at 50 cents apiece, and you know,  you've made a profit... margin. You're gonna run us out of business, Pam.Yeah. I am.But the best thing about it is that we're not going to have to give you any severance pay. Because that is gross misconduct and... Just clean out your desk. I'm sorry.[Pam starts crying] You been X'd punk! [Laughing] Surprise! It's a joke. We were joking around. See? OK. He was in on it. He was my accomplice. And it was kind of a morale booster thing. And we were showing the new guy around, giving him the feel of the place. So you... God, we totally got you.I don't know about that.What is the most important thing for a company? Is it the cash flow? Is it the inventory? Nuh-uh. It's the people. The people. My proudest moment here was not when I increased profits by 17% or when I cut expenses without losing a single employee. No, no, no, no, no. It was a young Guatemalan guy. First job in the country, barely spoke English. He came to me, and said, 'Mr. Scott, would you be the godfather of my child?' Wow. Wow. Didn't work out in the end. We had to let him go. He sucked.[holding up a Dundie and pretending it is talking] Hello. I'm Michael Scott. I'm the best boss in the world.Pam! Pam-Pam! Pam has been with us for...  forever. Right, Pam?Yeah, at one time or another every guy in the office has sprayed on Pam.Messages?Ah, right here. Three Stooges. High five. [Michael and Ryan high five] Oh, Pam. It's a guy thing, Pam. [camera cuts to Pam then back to Michael] Now, who was the one before Curly?Curly? Very good. Curly Joe DeRita.Well, comedy's kinda my thing. Watch this, here's Curly Joe. Mmm. Me, me, me, me, me, me. Me, me, me, me, me, me. Oh, I forgot. Here we go. [Yelling in cod German] I'm Hitler. Right. [Continues with cod German] Me, me, me, me, me, me. Curly Joe Hitler. [laughs]All these people are walking around and they're happy and their lives are just going along, ignorance is bliss. But if they knew what was lurking on the other side of that fence that furry monster. [imitating monster] 'I'm gonna get you, downsizing.' No. They wouldn't... They'd freak. And I'm not going to play God. They look to me for support. And they look to me for guidance and leadership. And I think if I could lie to them and it serves them, then that's what I'm going to do.So this is our sales staff. They are the ones who are making calls and making us lots of money. [comes to a screeching halt and laughs] This is accounting. The numbers dudes. Do not let the job description fool you, they are all completely crazy. Especially that guy, he is a mental patient. [camera zooms in on Kevin] Not literally of course, that wouldn't work. The last place you'd want somebody like that is accounting. [hides behind office plant] 'Very interesting, but stupid.' Artie Johnson. It's a crazy place.What you don't know... Well, it can hurt you, but if you don't know it won't hurt you. Then, you can just be happy for a little while at least.What's that?Oh, John Belushi. What a crazy guy. Phew, freaked myself out this morning.Yeah. I thought I found a lump. I checked the, uh... I check the jewels every month. This time... You know, it's a little different. It was fine. It was fine. But freaky, man, you know. Testicular cancer, God. Cancer, whoa testicles. So... What's, um... What you eating?Oh, place around the corner. Nice. All right. See you later.Do I need to speak up? [grabs boom microphone] Hello.I think better to be a happy idiot then a, um... Then someone who knows the truth.Hey, uh, can I help you out in here?Gotcha. Good. I'd go with the rows. That's a good idea.Today is diversity day and someone's going to come in and talk to us about diversity. It's something that I've been pushing, that I've been wanting to push, for a long time and Corporate mandated it. And I never actually talked to Corporate about it. They kind of beat me to the punch, the bastards. But I was going to. And I think it's very important that we have this. I'm very, very excited.Hey, Oscar! How are you doing, man?Did you have a good weekend going there?Oh yeah, I bet it was fun. [to Mr. Brown] Oh, hey! This is Oscar---Right. See? I don't even know, first-name basis!Oh hey, well, diversity, everybody, let's do it. Oscar works in... here. Jim, could you wrap it up, please?It's diversity day, Jim. I wish every day was diversity day.Come on people, let's get 'em in. Get in the cards! Get in the cards!You know what? This is a color-free-zone here. Stanley, I don't look at you as another race.Exactly, were not...With tolerance.Ignorance.Let's celebrate.Celebrate good times. Come on! Let's celebrate diversity. Right?You know what? Here's what we're going to do. Why don't we go around and everybody... everybody say a race that you are attracted to sexually. I will go last. Go.Yes.OK.Hey, hey why don't you run it by me and I'll run it by him.OK. Why don't we just defer to Mr...Ah. Oh, right! OK. First test. I will not call you that.How come Chris Rock can do a routine and everybody finds it hilarious and ground-breaking and then I go and do the exact same routine, same comedic timing, and people file a complaint to Corporate? Is it because I'm white and Chris is black?I will play the Chris Rock guy. I would like to see someone else pull this off.OK, I will play guy listening.OK.Kevin is a great guy. He's a great accountant. He is not much of an entertainer.OK. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He's ruin... He's butchering it. Could you just let me... [As Chris Rock] Every time... Every time black people want to have a good time, some ignant ass... [Bleep] I take care of my kid![Bleep] They always want credit for something they supPOSED to do![As Chris Rock] What you want a cookie?[Clears throat] I don't think I can sign this.Well, OK, it says here that I learned something and I knew all this stuff already, so... I know, I could sign something that says that I taught something, or that I helped you teach something, so... Pam! Where is she? Pam, could we change something on this?Sure.Here's the thing. This office, I think this is very advanced in terms of... racial awareness and it's probably more advanced than you're used to. That's probably throwing you off a little bit.OK, well I know. You told me that several times.OK.Well, here I am thinking that you actually cared about diversity training. And you don't.I won't.Yeah, yeah.I regret my actions. I regret offending my coworkers. I pledge to bring my best spirit of honesty, empathy, respect and open-mindedness...' Open-mindedness, is that even a word? '...into the workplace. In this way, I can truly be a hero. Signed, Daffy Duck.' [Laughing] He's going to lose it when he reads that.I pledge to always keep an open mind and an open heart.' I do believe... in that part of the pledge I that just read. But a pledge? Come on. I mean who are we, the Girl Scouts? No. Look... the guy, 'Mr. Brown,' he got us halfway there. He got us talking. Well, no. I got us talking. He got us nothing. He insulted us and he abandoned us. You call that diversity training? I don't. Were there any connections between any of us? Did anyone look each other in the eye? Was there any emotion going on? No. Where was the heart? I didn't see any heart. Where was my Oprah moment? OK, get as much done as you can before lunch because, afterward, I'm going to have you all in tears.All right? Everybody pretty? Come on. Here we go. It's time. Let's do some good.Get out.No, this is not a joke. OK? That was offensive and lame. So double offensive. This is an environment of welcoming and you should just get the hell out of here. OK, let's go. Let's do it. Come on. Let's have some fun, everybody. Here we go. Take a seat. Cop a squat. And um... thanks for coming in. Um... Diversity... is the cornerstone of progress as I've always said. But don't take my word for it. Let's take a look at the tape.[on the tape] Hi. I'm Michael Scott. I'm in charge of Dunder Mifflin Paper Products here in Scranton, Pennsylvania but I'm also the founder of Diversity Tomorrow, because today is almost over. Abraham Lincoln once said that, 'If you're a racist, I will attack you with the North.' And those are the principles that I carry with me in the workplace.OK. Questions? Comments? Anybody? Jim?Yes. I only had an hour to put it together but I'm going to add on to it later on.Uh, yes. That probably had something to do with the camera work. Anybody else? Um...Yeah, well, if you leave we'll only have two left. Yes. Enjoy. Absolutely. Namaste. Ok, well since I am leading this, let's get down to business and why don't I just kind of introduce myself, OK? Um. I am Michael and I am part English, Irish, German and Scottish. Sort of a virtual United Nations. But what some of you might not know is that I am also part Native American Indian.Two fifteenths.Well, you know what, it's kind of hard for me to talk about it. Their suffering. So who else? Let's get this popping. Come on. Who's going? Who's going? Let's go here. Oscar, right here. You're on.Oh, yeah...Wow.Wow. That is... That is a great story. That's the American Dream right there, right?Um, let me ask you, is there a term besides Mexican that you prefer? Something less offensive?Well, it has certain connotations.Like... I don't... I don't know.No. Now, remember that honesty......empathy, respect... [Phone ringing] Jim! Jim!I have something here. I want you to take a card. Put it on your fore... Don't look at the card. I want you to take the card and put it on your forehead and... Take a card, take a card, any card. Um... And I want you to treat other people like the race that is on their forehead. OK? So everybody has a different race. Nobody knows what their race is, so... I want you to really go for it, cause this is real. You know, this isn't just an exercise. This is real life. And... I have a dream that you will really let the sparks fly. Get 'er done.Why? Because Martin Luther King is a hero of mine. There's this great Chris Rock bit about how streets named after Martin Luther King tend to be more violent. I'm not going to do it but it's...Oh this is a good one.Push it.Good. Bom bom bom-bom bom. Come on Olympics of Suffering right here. Slavery versus the Holocaust. Come on.No, that was inadvertent. We didn't actually plan that.Pam, come on. 'I like your food.' Come on stir the pot. Stir the melting pot, Pam! Let's do it. Let's get ugly. Let's get real.You'll notice I didn't have anybody be an Arab. I thought that would be too explosive. No pun intended. But I just though. 'Too soon for Arabs.' Maybe next year. Um... You know, the ball's in their court.OK. All right. No. It's good. You just need to push it. You need to go a little bit further. All right. OK.[Voice raised, Indian accent] Kelly, how are you?Oh! Welcome to my convenience store. Would you like some googi googi? I have some very delicious googi, googi, only 99 cents plus tax. Try my googi, googi. [Lowering voice] Try my googi, googi. [High-pitched voice] Try my googi, googi. Try my... [slap!][trying not to cry] All right! All right! Yes! That was great, she gets it! Now she knows what it's like to be a minority.I just hated it when that guy was in here. Mr. Brown, if that was his real name. I mean, he had never met any of us before, and here he was telling us how to do our thing. I just wanted... I just wanted to do it our way. You know? On our own. Man I should have gotten some food.Okay, Kevin. You can take that off that thing, OK? That would really, really have shown him up, wouldn't it? If I'd brought in some burritos or some colored greens. Or some pad Thai. I love pad Thai.What?That doesn't really make sense. Because you don't call them collared people, that's offensive. Hmmm... OK, well, it's after five. So... Thank you very much. Buena vista Oscar. Thank you. Good job. Oh, my man. Thank you Brazil. Nice.Yeah. I would like to see us erase 100 years of racism in an hour.No, the country.Yeah, more like a 1,000.I just think that HERO? It's cute, but it's... It's empty, you know? It's easy. Dwight, you know what, I came up with some terms of my own. Could you put these on the board? The first one is Inclusion, New Attitudes, Color-blind...Expectations....Thank you. Sharing...And tolerance.Well, it's not ideal but you have to give me some credit 'cause I made it into a word.I will give you a number of reasons why it is, actually. Okay, first, incest is bad. Racism is bad. No brainer, right? Two, incest. We're all a family, right? We're all brothers and sisters. Racial message? Um? Number three, and this is a fact. The states where they have a lot of racism are the states where they have a lot of incest. Okay? And finally...No, no, no, no, wait. Final one, final one this is important. The more we can encourage interracial dating as a society the further away we get from incest, literally.Okay. I'm sorry, I'm sorry this guy's a temp and I should've told you that.Yeah, but no, seriously. Uh, you know, he's not a member of the full staff so, uh, Ryan you wanna just step outside?Well, maybe you should go down to the parking lot. You know what. Yes, go down to the parking lot and check to se if any of our guests have parked in the handicapped spots. Cool? 'Cause the handicaps get a raw deal. Oh, you know what. That ties right into New Attitudes. New attitudes about handicap people. Very important.In this way, I can truly be a hero. Signed, Daffy Duck.' [laughing] He's going to lose it when he reads that. Doh! Hogan! Not again, Hogan! Get Col. Burkhalter on the phone! [laughing] I'm kind of a Hogan around here. And kind of, Jan is kind of Col. Burkhalter, then Dwight is Schultz. But, it's... Oh, God. We have fun. We have fun. 'Cause he's gonna be pissed. [making voice] No doubt about it.Are we going?  [Dwight puts four fingers in front of the camera to start a countdown] Don't do that. Just say action when we're ready.[mumbling] Should I... turn, no. Do it again.Hi. I'm Michael Scott. I'm in charge of Dunder Mifflin Paper Products here in Scranton, Pennsylvania but I'm also the founder of Diversity Tomorrow, because today is almost over. Abraham Lincoln once said that, 'If you're a racist, I will attack you with the North.' And those are the principles... Damn it. Okay, sorry. Don't laugh; please don't laugh this time Dwight. You're... it's, it's bugging me. Let me give myself a countdown, ready? Three, two, one.Just let me do it! God! Three, two, one. Hi. I'm Michael Scott. I'm in charge of Dunder Mifflin Paper Products here in Scranton... Keep the camera steady please! People are gonna get sea sick watching this. Ready? Three, two, one.Don't. Please don't say anything. [sighs] Oh, God.Could I count myself down please, Dwight. Three, two, one. Hi. I'm Michael Scott. I'm in charge of Dunder Mifflin Paper Products here in Scranton, Pennsylvania but I'm also the founder of Diversity Tomorrow, because today is almost over. Abraham Lincoln once said that, 'If you're a racist, I will attack you with the North.' And those are the principles that I carry with me in the workplace.[wandering around the room during his diversity exercise] I want you to push it. I want you to push 'cause breakthroughs are right around the corner. Something's going to pop here. Something's going to pop between a party. Feel what it's like to be in someone else's skin. What does it feel like to be a different race? It feels pretty bad doesn't it. So let that come out.Yeah, I marched on Washington back in the day. I went to the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial, U.S. Mint, congressman talked to our class. It was pretty cool.Talk like you're talking to that race. I have a feeling that this could get kind of volatile. So keep it going. [camera shows Devon sitting outside with West Nile]Oh, okay. Here we go, breakthrough radar. What happened? What happened here?Okay, all right. Let's keep on track. Keep on point. Let's do it.Try my googi, googi. [Lowering voice] Try my googi, googi. [High-pitched voice] Try my googi, googi. Try my... [Kelly slaps Michael] All right! All right! Yes! That was great, she gets it! Kelly thank you. [claps] She's not here, but she gets it. That's what we have been looking for. The whole time. [trying not to cry] Oh, man. This is what I thrive on. You know? It's like Don Rickles on acid, man. Right?What, huh?It's good. This is good. We got it happening now. All right? Let's keep it rolling. Let's round it up.Pam. Pamela. Pam-elama-ding-dong. Making copies.Let's go. Messages. Stat. Lots to do, lots to do. Information superhighway.Lay them on me. What?That's not what you said earlier.The most sacred thing I do is care and provide for my workers, my family. I give them money. I give them food. Not directly, but through the money. I heal them. Today, I am in charge of picking a great new health care plan. Right? That's what this is all about. Does that make me their doctor? Um... Yes, in a way. Yeah, like a specialist.I am going to go with the best, Jan. I am going to go with the one with the acupuncture, therapeutic massage, you know, the works.I think it was you who didn't look closely enough at the Gold Plan.Well, I'd recommend it. It's very good.You gotta crack these things open.Well, that is kind of a tough assignment. Um... It won't be popular decision around the old orifice.Well, it's a suicide mission, you know.There, there...[scoffs] When have you ever done that?Jimbo! Ha haaaaa. Ah.There's a decision that needs to be made, and I'm having an unbelievably a busy day. So I'm going to let you pick a health care plan for our office and then explain it to your co-workers.Yeah!Really?Ah, none. You're picking a health care plan.You can use the conference room as a temporary workspace.Nope, you cannot use it.Temporary workspace. You can use it.If Dwight fails, then that is strike two, and good for me for, ah, for giving him a second chance. And if he succeeds, then, you know, no one will be prouder than I am. I groomed him. I made him what he is today. Unless he fails, and we've talked about that already.[on phone] Pam, Michael Scott. How's tricks?Oh, I am in my office. I am swamped. I have work up to my ears I'm busy, busy, busy. Can't step away. I just wanted to check in and see how everybody's doing. Everybody cool out there?Pam! Whoa, whoa, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I, I, I, I gotta go. I'm getting a call.I have to make a call after I finish... my work. You know what? Uh, just don't let anybody in my office under any conditions today. I'm just too busy. Too swamped, you know? I am unreachable. I am incommunicado, capisce?Thank you, Oh, gah, here we go again. Gotta go, I have to take this.Ah, uh, I would love to, but I am really busy. Rain check?Ah, what? Which memo?Is it a good plan?Cuts? What? Wow, Dwight, did you make cuts?No, no , no, you know what? I said nothing specific because I was so busy. Why don't you go in there and find these people a plan that will work for them? OK?OK? All right. Do we feel good? All right. Good. Plus, there's some other good news. Today, at the end of the day, I will have, for all of you, a big surprise. OK? So hang in there, and I will see you at the end of the day. Right?Do I know what the surprise is? Hell no! It doesn't matter. The point is, they're not unhappy anymore. They're out there thinking, 'Wow, my boss really cares about me. He has a surprise. He's cool. I... what a great guy. I love him. I...You know what? Come with me. We are going on a little mission. Operation Surprise.Um, headed out. Part of my busy day, you know. Meetings. [Giggles] Couldn't find the knob.So, basically, I want to do something nice for my employees. Atlantic City, OK? They have this thing where they send a bus, right, for free. Picks everybody up, you head down there, get to the hotel, room is comped, they give you a pile of chips, and your food, everything just kind of all-inclusive, free kind of weekend.Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did, so...[on his cell phone] Calling you to ask you a little favoroonie my friend. Um, trying to give the troops around here a little bit of a boost. And I was thinking that maybe we could take them down to take a spin on your big ride.Its says here that it's a 300ft drop.So it's not a free fall?Uh, all right. Well, once you get down into the mine, what... you got laser tag or something?OK, so I don't know what the surprise is. Am I worried? No. No way. See, I thrive on this. This is my world. This is improv. This is Whose Line is it Anyway?Hey, hey, everybody, Ice-cream sandwiches! Aaaahh! [laughs] Here you go. Take one, take one. It's all good. Phyllis, think fast. Ya-bome! Oh, oh, I see Angela. Angela? Right? Waaaaah! Oh, hey temp. Why don't you take two? Because you don't get health care. And uh, faster metabolism.Why don't you just eat it, OK? And here you go, Stanley the manly.There you go.Uh, nope. Nope. This isn't the surprise. It's surprising, um... because you didn't expect it. But you will... you'll know it when you see it.[under his breath] Oh, Christ.Well, what? You could be referring to anything.Uh, Dwight? Did you raise benefits?Oh come on! That's horrible! Aaah... Thanks, Dwight, for a crappy plan. Ah, Damn! Oh, mmm, I wish I had time to change it, but Jan needs it by five, and... what time is it, what time is it? [looks at watch] Ah, it's after five. Oh, oh it's awful. So, well, OK. See you guys on Monday.Oh... Yes. Exactly. Thank you Angela, for reminding me. Terrific. Um, before I tell everybody what the big surprise is, would you like to tell me what you think the big surprise is?All right, I have some news for you. There is a big surprise. And... here it is. Here we go. And the big surprise is... Brrrrrrrr! Drum roll... Brrrrrrrr! Brrrrrrrr!When I am backed into a corner, that is when I come alive. See I learned improve from the greats, like, um, Drew Carey and Ryan Stiles.[clapping hands] God, yeah... Ah! This...Robin Williams. Oh, man, would I love to go head-to-head with him. Oh! That would be exciting. [as Robin Williams] 'Hi. I'm Mork from Ork.' Well, I'm Bork from Spork. Nanoo, nanoo. Jibelee, baloobaloo.Sorry, too busy can't even come to the door.Yeah, no... [hurries to get up from chair]You know what. I, um, I'm out the door. I'm going to a meeting. Pam, I'm headed out to another meeting. So see you later. Uh, here we go.Well, it is time to call in a little favor. A buddy of mine runs this tourist attraction, actually it's big. It's probably one of the most popular in the state. So...[on his cell phone] Hey, hey Craigers, my man! It is Michael Scott here. [silence] Dunder Mifflin, we supply your office paper.No, no, no, no. No, actually to ask you a little favoroonie my friend. Um, here's the deal. Um, trying to give the troops here a little bit of a boost. And I was thinking that maybe we could bring them down to go on your big ride.Well, it says here that it's a 300ft drop.So it's not a free fall?Uh, okay. So um, once you get down into the mine, what do you do? Is it like, uh... Do you have laser tag down there or something?That's it?Uh, he's a small client. They don't really buy much.I've really learned from the greats. The great improvisers, Drew Carey, Ryan Stiles, uh, the Brady guy not so much. He's more the signing, Wayne Brady. Um, Robin Williams. Oh, man, would I love to go head-to-head with him. Oh! That would be exciting. [as Robin Williams] 'Hi. I'm Mork from Ork.' Well, I'm Bork from Spork. Nanoo, nanoo. Jibelee, baloobaloo. [as Robin Williams] 'That's Good morning, Vietnam!' Well, hello to you. You know it would be... God. And you know what, sometimes when I'm watching somebody like um, like Jay Leno. He'll be half way through his step [snaps his fingers] And I will already be laughing at the punch line. He hasn't even gotten to it. He doesn't even know what it is it. So it's fun, you know it's fun having a mind that works like that. That is just a few steps ahead of... comedically ahead of like what's going on. Like I'll watch T.V. and I'll be watching a show and I will think, oh, I know someone's gonna walk in here right now and say something funny. And then they do. Or, um, I know they'll be like oh boy that person deserved to be slammed down. There's going to be some sort of insult. And there is. You know, there's like, 'Oh you're... God your butt is fat.' And I knew it. I know it's like I knew they were going to say that. I knew they were gonna go there. Don't go there. Um, but other... You know it's like uh, you know Leno, um and Letterman, Carson, you know. Need I say more? No.We're all going bowling!Oh! God. Dwight, come on...There's no downsizing.Assistant to the regional manager Dwight.Look, look, look. I talked to corporate, about protecting the sales staff. And they said they couldn't guarantee it if there's downsizing, okay?But there's no downsizing, so just don't...Mmm, mm, mm. Maybe.It looks like there's gonna be downsizing. And it's part of my job, but... blah! I hate it. I think the main difference between me and Donald Trump is that, uh, I get no pleasure out of saying the words, 'You're fired.' [as Donald Trump] 'You're foir-ed. Uh, you're foir-ed.' It just makes people sad, and an office can't function that way. No way. [as Donald Trump] 'You're foir-ed.'  I think if I had a catchphrase it would be, 'You're hired, and you can work here as long as you want.' But that's unrealistic, so...Get set for Operation Morale Improvement starring Michael Scott. Now, I think I have had a little stroke of genius in that I have had my assistant Pam... Smile, Pam. I have had her go out and find out whose birthday is coming up, so we can have a little celebration for it. Not bad, not bad at all. All right. And the birthday person is... drum roll please. Here we go, who is the birthday, birthday person?Who is it? Who's the birthday?Next person on the......calendar.Yes! All right, come on down Meredith!Um... uh, OK. Well, great, well, you know, it'll be a surprise.Yeah, why not? Sure. Go ahead, live a little. Come on, Pam. Come on, shake it up. Shake it up! Shake it up![grabs cell phone off desk] Brrrp! Uh, Spock, are there any signs of life down there? Well, let me check Captain. Eeee. Eeee. Eeee. Eeee. No, Captain. No signs of life down here. Just a wet blanket named Pam. Brr-rrrp. Star Trek.These are my party-planning beeyatches. Pulled off an amazing '80s party last year. Off the hook!So I was thinking, if you haven't already got a cake, um, maybe going for one of those ice-cream cakes from Baskin-Robbins. Those are very good. Very Delicious.She's not the only one that's going to be eating it, right? I think everybody likes ice-cream cake. It's not, uh, it's not just about her, so...Mint chocolate chip! That'd be good, how about some, mint chocolate chip?[to the camera] Can you get her? She's right there. [camera zooms in on Meredith at here desk] That is Meredith, the birthday girl. And this... is Meredith's card. Happy Bird-Day. [laughs] Um, let's see. Jim, Jim wrote, 'Meredith, I heard you're turning 46, but, come on, you're an accountant. Just fudge the numbers.' Not bad, pretty funny, I don't appreciate condoning corporate fraud though. Uh, here's the thing. Whatever I write here has to be really, really funny. Because people out there are expecting it. I've already set the bar really high. And they're all worried about their jobs, you know. It's kinda dark out there. Can you imagine if I wrote something like, uh, 'Oh, Meredith. Happy Birthday. You're great. Love, Michael.' [pretends to vomit and laughs][staring at birthday card] Meredith, Meredith... Meri... Mary had a little lamb. Mary... Meredith had a little lamb. Don't bring that lamb to work or it'll poop on the floor.Hey, Oscar! Come on in. What's up?Oh, not at all. Come on in. What's going on?What?Oh, God. Of course I would. Get it over here. Get that over here.No, I'm always good... for some serious buckage. Wow. Two dollars, three dollars? People out here do not care about diseases. I am going to give you... $25.Oh, my gosh, well... Listen, Oscar, generosity and togetherness and community all convalescences into... morale. That's what I say, so...[looking at birthday card] Meredith, bad breath. Meredith has bad breath.Yeah. What do you know about Meredith?There's not going to be downsizing Dwight, OK? I just, I need to know a little bit more about my friend.I know all that. I know all that. I just, I need something kind of embarrassing, you know. Kind of fun, inside.[laughs] Which one is that again?Oh God! Dwight, no. I'm trying to write something funny. What am I going to do with a removed uterus?You know what, I am on a deadline here, and just... OK. Thanks, thanks for your help. I'll work it out. Thank you Dwight. That was a waste of time.Almost there. Just a sec. Just a second. It is perfect, thank you. Excellent, here we go. It is time, thank you. OK, come on. Let's go! Get the cake. Here we go. Come on! Shhh. Be quiet.It's surprise Meredith. One, two...Find a key.And many more!You were surprised, weren't you?You looked freaked, man. We said 'Surprise.' You were, like, 'What?' 'What the hell's goin' on here?' Good cake. Why don't you have some?Come on. A little bit.Oh, right. God, too bad. It's so good.You know what? If I were allergic to dairy, I think I'd kill myself. 'Cause this is way, way too good.Jim, good party, huh? Just a little something I whipped up. You know, a little morale boost. No big deal.Well, you know, money isn't everything Jim. It's not the key to happiness. You know what is? Joy. You should remember that. Maybe you'll give more than three dollars next time.Is Oscar around?I just thought it was kind of a flat, you know... 25 dollar, one-time donation. I didn't think it was per mile kinda deal. You know, so...I know...Right. Got it. Yes. So it does. Um...No, no, no, no, no. That wasn't what I wasn't, that wasn't... No. It-it-it's not about the money. It's just... it... it's the ethics of the thing, Oscar. How's your nephew? Is he in good shape?How many miles did he do last year?Son of a bitch. That is impressive.Read it out loud. And say who wrote everything so we know whose is the best.[under his breath] I don't know about that.[pretends to vomit] Huh! Thanks, downer.Because of the downsizing. Rumors. And because you're gettin' old.[laughs] You didn't get the joke. So, that's cool. That's, you know what? Actually... I have a bunch of these, good ones, that I didn't use. Um... Oh, where's that? Oh, OK, here's a good one. Um... 'Hey Meredith, Liz Taylor called, she wants her age back and her divorces back.' 'Cause Meredith's been divorced like, twice. Is that right?Divorce. Um... OK, 'Meredith is so old...'Everybody? If... could do it? 'Meredith is so old...'She's so old, she went into an antique store and they kept her.'That wasn't even mine. I got that off the Internet. Website. Um, don't get mad at me.This isn't my fault. Ladies, not your best effort. The streamers?  I think we could have done better than that.OK, we... all right. People, hold on, hold on. Just a second. OK, I think we're losing sight of what is really important here. And that is that we are... a group of people... who work together. I was... I really wasn't gonna flaunt this. I have made a very sizable donation to Oscar's nephew's... walkathon. $25.Per mile, yes.When I retire, I... don't want to just disappear to an island somewhere. I wanna be the guy who gives everything back.A check for the kids, and for the team.I want it to be like... 'Hey, who donated that hospital wing that is saving so many lives?' 'Um, well, I don't, I don't know. It was anonymous.' 'Well, guess what, [whispering] that was Michael Scott.'  'But it was anonymous, how do you know?' 'Because I'm him.'Come here. [hugs Oscar and In a low voice] Don't cash that till Friday, OK?All righty then, well I see you're going for the whole bored supermodel thing. 'Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam. May I help you?' [takes a drag from an imaginary cigarette] Smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke.No, no. I get it, I get it, I get it. A child is born, 'Oh, oh-hum.' A beautiful sunset, 'No, I'll catch the next one.' Right? Unicorn walks into the office, 'Oh, do you have an appointment?' [laughs] Okay, look Pam this is not meant as a criticism, but let me tell you what you're doing wrong. You are the voice of this company, right? And when clients call and you're not smiling they can hear that in your voice. It is a real turnoff.Yes, I am, absolutely. So, the next call we get I'd like you to smile. I'd like to see a big smile.Okay. [waits for call]I know, somebody will. And we'll wait.I know, I know, we will wait.We will wait for the call and you will smile.  Let me try something, just while we're waiting.Tell me if I'm smiling or not. [covers face with hands] Hi Pam, how are you? Was I smiling?Okay, let me try this one. [covers face with hands] Hi Pam, how are you?I mean you can tell.I wasn't smiling that time and they can tell too.Thank you. All right, when we get a call I'll come back and you'll do the smile.Show time! It's show time!Okay.Do a poem for Meredith's birthday or uh, limerick. Limerick. Um, [knock on  door] there was a girl from Dunder Mifflin. Come on in. Who had a big, smifflin.No, not at all come on in. [Toby signing the birthday card] No, no. You can't. No, red hair is my area. We have it on tape, so...I was going to put that in my message, Toby. All right? So just cross it off. Cross it off, now. [Toby writes on birthday card] What are you doing? Oh come on, you're ruining it. Toby, come on.  Just, look at that. That's wrecked. Ass. Get some white out.That's my white out. Get your own white out. Just... what's the matter with you? God. [Toby leaves] Okay, um, there was a girl from Dunder Mifflin. Who had a big, puttifflin. [thinking out loud] Mifflin, spifflin.Hey.Uh, yeah. What do you know about Meredith?There's not going to be downsizing Dwight, OK? I just, I need to know a little bit more about my friend.I know all that. I know all that. I just, I need something kind of embarrassing, you know. Kind of fun, inside.Which one is that again?Oh God! Dwight, no. I'm trying to write something funny here, okay. What am I going to do with a removed uterus?[sighs] Come up with a joke that I can use, okay?Help me out here.No, not a uterus joke Dwight. Please. Something useable. A joke.What?There's not going to be downsizing, Dwight. You know what, I am on a deadline here and just, okay. Thanks. Thanks for your help. I'm... I'll work it out. Thank you Dwight. [Dwight leaves] Thanks for coming in, that's always... Always helpful when I give him a call. Call him in.Meredith. Oh, oh man, ah gosh. I can't remember why I came over here. Ha, ha.I know. Ugh, that is so annoying. [makes fart noise] Brain fart. By the way, do you remember any funny interactions we may have had recently that I've forgotten about? Just, you know we  bumped into each and you said, 'Brr, brr.' And I went, 'Argh, Argh.' You know? Anything? [shakes her head 'no'] Well, if you think of something, let me know. 'Cause I like to know. 'Cause I'm going crazy.Oscar, uh for future reference just think you should know, that you should probably make it clear that your nephew is doing the walkathon and that he doesn't actually have cerebral palsy. Okay.No, no. I know you didn't intend to, but I just I got the idea and I, uh, I just don't it has a lot of ethical merit to make people think something. You know? And then prey on their emotions.No, hey  it's just kinda uncool, okay? I, just... Play fair, you know, play fair.Thank you.Because of the downsizing. Rumors. And because you're gettin' old.[laughs] You didn't get the joke. So, that's cool. That's, you know what? Actually... I have a bunch of these, good ones, that I didn't use. Um... Oh, where's that? Oh, Okay, here's a good one. Um...'Hey Meredith, Liz Taylor called, she wants her age back and her divorces back.' 'Cause Meredith's been divorced like, twice. Is that right?Divorce. Um... Okay, 'Meredith is so old...'If everybody... could do it? 'Meredith is so old...'She's so old, she went into an antique store and they kept her.'[clears throat] What's the difference between Meredith and Michael Jackson? Michael Jackson's surgery was unnecessary.Yes! Thank you. God. She gets it. [laughs] We just picked the best one right? Just had it.Um, no, no. Come on. No. Don't comfort... don't comfort her, that's not... She doesn't need comforting. We're just joking around. I think she's... No that's very unprofessional. I think she's being very unprofessional over there.[to Jim]: Hey, you ready?All right, all right, secret sign. Hey, Ryan. [Ryan holds up his bag] Very good. Excellent, excellent.Today at lunchtime we're going to be playing the warehouse staff at a friendly little game of basketball. My idea.  Last time I was down there, I noticed they'd put up a couple of hoops, and I play basketball every weekend. So I thought, 'This might be kinda fun.'  And so I started messing around and... I'm sinking a few, you know. Swish, swish, swish. Nothing but net. And their jaws just dropped to the floor. African-Americans! So... you know, it's really just a good friendly game, a reason to get together.Pam, Pam, thank you ma'am. Messages, please. Thank you.No. And that's not me being mean, Dwight. That is based on your past behavior.[to camera] When I let him come to my pick-up game...[to Dwight] I vouched for you.I vouched for you in front of Todd Packer, Dwight.  All right, here's what I'm going to do. The hand strikes and gives a flower. You are not going to play basketball. But I need somebody to come in and take over the holiday and weekend work calendar.Good. Excellent, it'll be fun. Because corporate, uh, wants someone to be here on Saturday. And so we're going to have to have some people come in on the weekend, and I know nobody's gonna want to do it and I know everybody's gonna complain and bitch and I don't want to have to deal with that.Yes it is. Assistant to  the regional manager.No, it's not. It's lower, so...All right, managing by walking around. This is our warehouse. Or, as I like to call it, the whorehouse. But don't you call it that, I've earned the right.And here we have 'Mister Roger's Neighborhood.' Come on over here. Hey, this is Ryan. He's temping upstairs.And this is the foreman. Mista Ra-jahs.No, it's Darryl. Darryl is Mista Ra-jahs.[laughs] And that is Lonny. And this is Roy. Roy dates Pam. You know, the uh, the best looking one upstairs.You still getting it regular man? Huh? I mean, I can tell her it's part of the job!  Rapport!So, um, one o'clock sharp and we've got a game on.Oh, I see, you're chickening out on me. You're bailing on me.Oh, well, I'm glad that some time is a busy time because whenever I'm down here it doesn't seem too busy to me. Oh, oh. You can dish it out, but you can't take it. OK, fine, have it your way. [clucking and dancing like a chicken]All right, see you at one.Are we ready for the game?I... yeah, yeah. I know, grumble, grumble. But you would follow me to the ends of the earth, grumbling all the way. Like that, uh, dwarf from Lord of the Rings.Nerd. That is why you're not on the team.Uh, [in a nerdy voice] 'I'll help, Elwyn Dragonslayer, uh, ten points, power sword.'OK, so, let's put together a starting line-up, shall we? Stanley of course.Um, what do you play? Center?Uh...Uh, I don't know. I don't remember saying that.Well, people hear a lot of things, man. Um... other starters... Me, of course. I heard it that time.[ignores Phyllis)] Um... Yeah. Who else? We have Jim. We have Ryan, the new guy, right? Untested. Willing to prove himself now. A lot of passion, a lot of heart.Yes.Yes, this is business. The, uh, business of team building and morale boosting. Uh, who else?I will use your talents come baseball season, my friend. Or if we box.No.No, no, ridiculous.Close. All right, uh... Me, Stan the man, Jim, Ryan and Dwight.Sorry Phyllis.No, I'm team captain.No, I am the team manager. You can be assistant to the team manager.No.Jim, you're in charge of the vacation schedule now.Threat neutralized.[hits Pam in the head with a piece of paper] Off the backboard!Oh, Pam with a zinger. Hey, Pam, how would you, like to be our cheerleader today? You know, some, ah, pigtails? A little, ah, halter top, you could tie that up. And you know, something a little, just, youthful, for a change. Just this once?Yeah, I bet you would. Just try not to be too gay on the court. And by gay I mean, um, you know, not in a homosexual way at all. I mean the uh, you know, like the bad-at-sports way. I think that goes without saying.Oh, yeah right.Oh, yuck, that's worse than you playing. ... 'Cause we need you as an alternate in case somebody gets hurt. That's where we need you. Blessed be those who sit and wait. You made it, suit up, you're on the team! All right, cool! Very good.Oh-oh. Oh-oh. A spy from the warehouse. Trying to figure out our plays, huh, man?Oh ho, oh, he's running. He's running. He's running, but he can't hide because you know what? One o'clock, you better bring your 'A' game. Because me, and my, posse guys are gonna be in your face. Right in your face!Whoa-ho. I like the way you think. You know what, I'm gonna take that one step further. Loser, works, on Saturday.What?OK. Cool, you're on. [to Dwight] Don't screw this up.[to camera] Classic beginner's mistake, eating before a game.Hey, there he is! Secret weapon! All right, guys, come on, let's bring it in! Here we go!  OK, listen, this is just going to be a friendly game, right? We are all on the same team here, the Dunder Mifflin team. Of course, if you beat us, you're fired. That's a joke.  OK, let's do it.All right, everybody stretch out a little bit. Stretch it. Full stretch. Ryan, you wanna stretch?OK.OK, Ryan, you have Darryl. I have Roy.Actually, I think Roy is their best player not Lonny. So, Dwight, you uh, have the East German gal. Uh, who else we got... Um...OK, all right, you guys.Aw, come on Dwight.On. Just put it on.Yes. Uh, Pam? You kind of have your foot in both camps, why don't you do the uh, jump ball OK?Stanley!  What? You gotta be kidding me! !?! [Roy steals the ball, and goes for a lay up] Oh... Here we go! [Lonny shoots and makes it] Who's on him? Somebody get him!Yeah, yeah, yeah. Over here, over here. [Jim saves the ball from going out of bounds and passes to Michael] Here we go. Three! [Shoots and misses] Let's go to the zone! We're going to zone!Who's got Roy? [Jim does a behind the back move around Roy for the basket][misses a half court shot] Aw, come on! What is wrong with me today!? Usually hit those. [Dwight scores] Dwight, I was open. All right, let's go.[Roy bumps Michael to get around him] OK, foul. Charging. Charging. That's a foul.OK, I'll take it. [misses free throw] OK.When I am playing hoops all of the stress and responsibility of my job here just melts away. It's gone, I'm in the zone.[misses another shot] What is wrong with me today?!Who am I? Am I Michael Scott? I don't know... I might just be a basketball machine. What's Dunder Mifflin? I've never heard of it. Filing? Paperwork? Who cares? Possible downsizing? Um... well, that's probably gonna happen, actually.Jim! Jim! Jim, right here, Jim! Give me the ball! Ryan, cut! [Michael looks away and misses Jim's pass] Whoa!That is cool. Is that like the Robot?[Ryan scores] Nice! Come here! [gives Ryan a chest bump]Come on! Hey, Dwight. Dwight!You know what? Dwight, Dwight...Football is like rock and roll, it's just bam-bam-boo... And basketball is like jazz, you know? You're kind of... Dupee-doo, dupee-do. It's all downbeat, it's in the pocket, it's like... [singing] Dupee-do, dupee-do, dapee-dah...[singing] Du-du-du-du-dupee-do, de-do-do-do. Du-du-du-du-dupee-do, de-do-do-do. Harlem Globetrotter...All right, time, time out. Come on, sales, over here. Bring it in! Come on!What's going on? What's going on? You're playing like a bunch of girls.All right, switch. Take it up a notch, come on.Shoot, shoot it.  [Roy hits Jim in the mouth with his elbow] Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Foul! Naked aggression!  Oh, that is... You all right Jim? Suck it up.[Jim makes a shot after pushing off Roy] Ouch! Oh, how much does it hurt? How much does it hurt?[Jim pushes Roy to the ground and makes another shot] Yes![Darryl scores] Watch the long passes, you guys!Dwight![Phyllis scores] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! In, your, face! Angela, what's the score?Yeah, baby, here we go![Jim has the ball] Jim! Jim! Right here! [runs into the elbow of the guy guarding him] Ow! God! Hold it!Foul! Foul!Oh, that hurts.What's your problem man? Gah, just clocking me for no reason?No, no, no, no. That was a flagrant, personal, intentional foul. Right there.[mocking voice] Yes, it was. You know what, I'm just being fair.Game over. Game over. That is it! I'm sorry, you know? I hate to do it this way but, you know, that's just... we're having a friendly game. It's a shame. This is a damn shame, but we're like a family here and that just, that won't fly.Thanks Dwight.Well, let's just say whoever was ahead won.It was us? Really? I didn't, I didn't know. Great, I mean, I guess you guys are working Saturday. Your face.Um... well, you guys, you know, I'm the boss so...Hey, hey...[laughing] You guys believed me? Come on. Dogs, you know, you should know me better than that. No, oh, do you think that would've been good for morale? No. No. No. Exactly, no. I'm embarrassed it was even that close though. So... nah, of course, we're coming in Saturday. Good game. Word.Hey, what a game, huh? What a game.Come on. Let's not be gloomy here man. We're all in this together. We're a team. You know what? Screw corporate, nobody's coming in tomorrow. You have the day off. Like coming in an extra day is gonna prevent us from being downsized. Have a good weekend.The great thing about sports is that it is all about character. And you can learn lessons about life even if you don't win. But we did because we were ahead.[slams palms on desk] Pam, Pam, thank you ma'am. Messages, please. Thank you.Uh, yes. Thank you for noticing.Uh, they look that good? Wow. [Mike Myers voice] Oh, Pam please behave. Mike Myers, genius. Um, no actually I got them at a fancier place. Target.Uh...Yes, yes. Assistant to  the regional manager.No, it's not. It's lower.What was that?That look?Like trying to find the camera, to give the camera a look. Okay, we're done. Is that your stomach? I keep hearing somebody's stomach. [whispers] God.So, you uh, see the Sixers game last night?[howls like a wolf] Oww whoo whoo! The Answer was on fire!Oh, man! Man I tell ya. Iverson has maybe got me beat by like 20 pounds, 3 inches. [makes 'pop' noise with his mouth]No, neither am I. We both look good.Do I have a nickname on the court, um? Well, The Answer would be nice, but it's taken. So, uh, probably The Question. The Answer dishes to The Question. The Question back to The Answer. Answer over to The Question. The Answer, whew, [makes shooting motion] three points. The Question, whew, whew, [makes shooting motion] six points. Nothing but net. Question, who's the best player in the league? Answer, The Question. Or the Drunkmeister.Packer. Pac-man.Pac-man [imitating the noises of the video game Pac-man eating dots]I'm not your lover! I'm am not Michael Scott, I am Dr. Bergerstein. Your proctologist.Ah, yes. Ah. [laughs]It's not a Jewish joke, so don't worry.[clears throat] No, hey, hey , hey. You know what I just wanted to remind you about the game today. One 'o clock. Big game, big game.Mmm. No, you said you could man. We're counting on ya. You know you're playing point guard.No. Hey... I mean, although it's just for fun, you know we want... I was counting on you man.[misses a  free throw badly] I... I think you can play. Like you could when you were a kid. I think you can never give up the play. Because if people stop playing, then they stop living. It's like a shark. If a shark stops playing he stops living. And sharks are very playful creatures.You know what. I think most basketball movies are great movies. Because it's a great subject. There's one about a little kid who, um, joins a professional basketball team and he's really, really good and he can dunk and he's like 3 feet tall. And he can dunk the ball. That, oh, I love that movie. That movie kind of, that movie makes me cry. I don't like to cry on camera, but that movie makes me cry. Um, because it touches a cord in me about hoops. [Michael's free throw is really short] Short, short, short! And basketball is like jazz, you know. To like pertipify it there's a jazz musician, a guy, you know... if you know jazz you know who I mean. He's uh, God what was his name? Um, he plays one of those curly horns, like those really shiny curly horns that's used in jazz a lot.Birdie. He's not the guy with the cheeks. Kenny G. Is... if you knew jazz, you'd know who I mean. Kenny G. God. Glad I remembered that. Jazz people know who he is.[back to the basketball game] Dwight, pass it to Jim! Pass it to Ryan!Stanley, gotta play hurt.I just want you know, you've been a big disappointment to me today, okay.I'm in. I'm in. Here we go. [Lonny gets around Michael to score and he ends up in front of Phyllis] Zone, Phyllis! We're playing zone!Yes! Yes! All right. We got game!Affirmative.You just said, let me uh... check my notes.  You just said...Hey, hey how is Alan?  Tell Alan that the Mets suck! Okay? From me, big time. Go Pirates!OkayUh, huh.Whoa. Howdy-ho. Wow, a thousand big ones. That's cool. Do I uh, do I get to pick the prize?Um, question: Does top salesman include uh, people who were at one time such outstanding salesman that've been promoted to...I didn't mean me!Well, first what we have to do is find out what motivates people more than anything else.It's illegal. Can't do that.  Next best thing.Tah, come on Dwight. Just help me out here. That's just stupid.Pam!Burger with cheese!And fries!And shake! What? Go ahead.No, no, no. No vendors in the office. That is a distraction.Pam. Pam. Come on, I'm busy. So just tell her to go away.[exhales loudly, looks out window and sees Katy] Oooh, alright I'll talk to her.All right girls break it up, you're being infiltrated. Cock in the henhouse.Don't say cocks. Oh, what is your name, my fair lass?Ah, Katy. Wow. Look at you. You are, uh you're like the new and improved Pam. Pam 6.0.Oh, look. Oh hey, no catfights you two. I'm  against violence in the workplace.Nobody cares what you think.So uh, you know what? I usually don't allow solicitors in the office but today I am going to break some rules, and you can have the conference room. It's yours. All day.Well, lets put 'em in the hallway. Give 'em some chairs. Right? Decisiveness. One of the keys to success according to Small Businessman.I do. I read Small Business man. I also uh, subscribe to USA Today and American Way Magazine, that's the in-flight magazine. Some great articles in that. They did this great profile last month of Doris Roberts and where she likes to eat when she's in Phoenix. Illuminating.This is my conference room. So please, uh, make yourself at home. Whatever you need, I'm right on the other side of this wall. [knocks on wall]  used to be a window here. There's not anymore. So, that's where I will be.So if you need anything else, something to make you more confortable just don't hesitate to ask. I'm right here.Wait a second. I should have spotted another addict. Uh, gotta love the 'bucks.It's like a slang for Starbucks. They're all over the place. Oh, man, that place is like the promised land to me. What a business model too. Ah, too bad we don't have the good stuff here.Nah, it's not. it's spppplllibbbNo, here's the thing. Y'know I do my best to be my own man and go by the beat of a different drummer and nobody gets me, and they're always putting up walls and I'm always tearing 'em down, just breakin' down barriers, that's what I do all day.  So a coffee, regular coffee for you. High test, or unleaded?Oh. Woo, I will. I will bring it on. Ah, all right.[handing Katy a mug of coffee] There ya go. Nice steaming cup o'joe.I have an idea.  Why don't I introduce you around, you know you can kind of get your foot in the door, meet potential clientele, right?Oh, um, well, we could have Ryan take a look. Ryan, would you look after the purses, please?Yeah, well, bladdy-bluda-blah-blah. Techno-babble. Just do it, okay. We have company. Right?You should sell a lot here because this branch made over a million dollars last year. Not that we're all millionaires. I'm probably closest. So here's Oscar. Oscar, this is Katy.Oooh-ooh. Oscar the grouch. Right? I thought of that.I know. I know. I made the connection. Can you believe he'd never heard that before he worked here?I know, it's unbelievable.Here is Toby from Human Resources. Katy, Toby.Toby, Katy.Toby's divorced. He uh, guh recently, right?You and your wife, and you have kids.Oh that so - that was really messy. He slept one night in your car too?Okay. Alright. Cool.  See ya in a bit. [looks at picture on Toby's desk] Oh, she's cute.  Cutie-pie. Back to work.I live by one rule. No office romances. No way. Very messy. Inappropriate. No. But, I live by another rule: Just do it. Nike.Giggle-giggle, juji-juji, I get it, I get it. Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood over here right?  [to Katy] So how's that uh, coffee from earlier?Ah, I knew it. Guzzled it down. You greedy little thing.  So, uh, Pam is this your lunch break, or was that earlier when you were eating in the kitchen with those guys?Busted.Oh hey, I want to show you something. Come here I want to show you something.  I know you are going to like this. Picked it up today. A thousand big ones.Yes. This is a Starbucks digital barista. This is the mack daddy of espresso makers.Oh, I know what you're thinking. You're not prying this out of my hands, but don't tempt me because I'll give it to you!Coffee is the great incentivizer in the office. It's a drug. It is quite literally a drug that speeds people up. It's not the only drug that speeds people up. You hear stories about Dunder Mifflin in the eighties before everybody knew how bad cocaine was. Guh. Man, did they move paper![Katy reading text message on her phone] Oh the rotating um, steam wand. [Katy looks annoyed] What? What's the matter?Oh, oh! God. I'm sorry. Is there...?Where you going? Nearby? Because I can give you a ride.Seriously. No, really.God! No, no, no, no. No inconvenience. I mean I'm out of here at five sharp.I can go earlier. 'Cause I'm the boss. You know, whatever. I'm out of here slaves.What?Okay. Sounds good. Sounds good.  Five o'clock sharp.  I will give you and your purses a ride home.Excellent.Great. Cool. Cool. [takes deep breath - looks at camera] Yeah, okay.I should have never let the Temp touch this thing. I had all these great icons and now I have four folders. So..No it's not. Because I could just click on the icon and then I'm onto---No, no, no it's not against the rules.  She's not a permanent employee so it's not.But I think you should just know that I am going to be giving her a ride home later.She asked me for a ride and so I am going to give her a ride home.Well, might be a ride home.  Might be a ride home and we stop for coffee and dot-dot-dot...No. I cannot promise you that.Listen, Dwight.[laughs] Dwight, no. I don't know. It's too early to tell. I don't know how I feel. [Dwight sadly looks away]Espresso?You're welcome. Thank you.  Hmmm-hmm-hmm.Ummm-hmmm...Very easy to clean.Okay. Like he's going to win anyway, right? [laughs]Did we get any mail?Yes you did. Yes, you did. Just checkin'. Just checkin', double checkin', checkin' on the check. Thoroughness is very important in an office and...Yeah, yeah, of course. Uh, Pam, one more thing. Um, how do girls your age feel about futons?Ryan.Would you like to help me with a special project?Alright.[in Michael's car] Okay, just throw out all the empties.Um, yes. Throw them away in the recycling bin.No.Uh, what flavor?Blue's not a flavor.Oh, Blue Blast. Yes, put that in the trunk, and there should be an unopened Arctic Chill back there. I want that in the passengers cupholder. Thank you.What, stop! Whoa! That's my Drakkar Noir.No, it is a perfect smell-alike. I'm not paying for the label. Right here. Give it.Not it's not, there's some in the straw. [Michael opens bottle and wipes straw along his neck] There, now you may throw it out.That's over several months, Ryan.I think in order to be a ladies man, it's imperative that people don't know you're a ladies man, so I kind of play that close to the chest. I don't know, what can I say? Women are attracted to power. And I think other people have told me that I have a very symmetrical face. [laughs] I don't know. I don't know. Maybe they're right?  I don't know.Sure you don't want me to help you with that?  Cause I can grab that no problem.See you later. Goodnight. Goodnight, Jim.Where you going?With us?Okay. Great. Off the hook. Excellent. Okay, cool.Alright, have fun.Don't drink and drive.Take it easy.You too, have a good night.Do I have a special someone?  Uh well, yeah of course. A bunch of 'em. My employees. If I had to choose between a one-night-stand with some stupid cow I pick-up in a bar, and these people? I'd pick them every time.  Because with them, it is an everyday stand and I still know their names in the morning.Dwight. Dwight. Dwight! Okay, that's it. Keep it in your pants.Well, don't do that. Where are your glasses?He wears glasses. Did you know that?Well, now suddenly he can see. [laughs] Okay, take off. See ya. Bye-bye. [gives coffee to Katy] There you go steaming hot cup of joe.Oh, I know your hero. Yeah, saving you from Animal Planet Jack over there. [laughs]Yeah, yeah he is the worst.What's the um, saying, 'once their laughing they're... that's... Once they're laughing that's 50 percent of them being horizontal. So, not that I'm just... Not that that's my... that's what I'm trying to do, but I think it helps kind of melts the ice. Breaks the ice, melts... Breaks the ice and melts them. Melts their hearts.Thank you, Al Gore... for the Internet. Can send messages from one side the global to the other in the blink of an eye. Can you believe we couldn't do that ten years ago?Right, but 20 years ago we couldn't and that is amazing. Here's Toby from Human Resources. This is Katy. Toby, Katy.[talking over Toby and Katy] Toby's divorced. God, that's hard. That really ripped you up. She got the kids right? That'll damage ya. Sorry man. That's uh, that's a bad one. How much you paying her? What can, you can't even afford anything now, right? You're all right though, right? Don't ask me for a raise. [laughs] Cup of Soup's a good idea though. That'll... that's a good budgetary thing to do.Well, they're good snacks. They're good food, good meals, good lunch. Roman noodles are good too. You still sleepin' in the car?Cause he slept in the car a couple times.Are you still taking the antidepressants? 'Cause it was a good idea. 'Cause it'll help. It'll help, man.Okay. I'll see you in a bit. [whispering] She's pretty cute isn't she? See you in a bit.All right. That's looking good. Hey um, Ryan do you have any music I can borrow.Ah, I know, everything really. I love it all. I love music.Yes, I love both of those so much. A lot of 'em.Mmm hmm. I like 'em.Yes. God. They're awesome.Uh huh. Yup. That last thing they did was great.Cool, so maybe hook me up  with some Fleebulls and some Hive.All right. This is gonna be good.Tonight is the Dundies, the annual employee awards night here at Dunder Mifflin. [holds up a trophy of a business man] And this is everybody's favorite day. Everybody looks forward to it, because, you know, a lot of the people here don't get trophies, very often. Like Meredith or Kevin, I mean, who's gonna give Kevin an award? Dunkin' Donuts? Plus, bonus, it's really, really funny. So I, you know, an employee will go home, and he'll tell his neighbor, 'Hey, did you get an award?' And the neighbor will say, 'No man. I mean, I slave all day and nobody notices me.' Next thing you know, employee smells something terrible coming from neighbor's house. Neighbor's hanged himself due to lack of recognition. So...[in a Fat Albert voice] Hey hey hey! It's Fat Halpert.[in Fat Albert voice] Fat Halpert. [in normal voice] Jim Halpert.So why don't I take you on a tour of past Dundie winners. We got Fat Jim Halpert here. Jim, why don't you show of your Dundies to the camera?Oh, that's a good idea.Gyaaah. T.M.I. T.M.I my friends.T.M.I.? Too much information. Ah, it's just easier to say T.M.I. I used to say 'Don't go there' but that's... lame.And here we have Stanley the Manly. Now Stanley is a Dundie all-star, aren't you Stan? Why don't you, ah, show them some of your bling.Oh, no you di-int.W-why did you...Yes we should. I... you know what?  I wanted one of those skillets of cheese, but when I got off stage, [turns to Kevin] someone had eaten all of them.[in video] To Oscar Martinez it's the 'Show Me the Money' award! Yeah![in video] He has the award-ah! ...it's a type of song that we are going to play for the ladies. Hit it, Dwight![singing along to tune on video] A little bit of Paaam, all night long, a little bit of Angela on the thing...[in video]...a little bit of Phyllis everywhere...[on video] ...a little bit of Roooy eating chicken crispers... ...a little bit of Jim with some ribs, a little bit of...[talking to the speakerphone] Will her highness, Jan Levinson-Gould, be descending from her corporate throne this evening to visit us lowly serfs here at Dunder Mifflin Scranton?Well, you could take the bus.  You could work on the way here. Sleep on the way home.Wuh... Come on, Jan. This is important. I mean, this is, this is, validation to my employees here that you and corporate approve of this. So...Um...[to camera] Could you...?Yeah, I'm here, I just wanted to, uh, talk to you for a second about that.Um, what, ah, what is, I mean......come on, Jan!You're dropping an A-Bomb on me here.Well, yeah, I mean, what is...No reason?! It was the 05 05 05 party......it happens once every billion years.Okay, no, that was a FUN raiser. I think I made that very clear in the fliers, fun, F-U-N.Well, I think a lot of people were very affected by the footage.This is a little character I like to do [places a green turban with a yellow feather on his head], it is, uh, loosely based on Karnack, one of Carson's classic characters. [puts an envelope to his head] Here we go. The PLO, the IRA, and the hot dog stand behind the warehouse. [tears open envelope and pulls out card] 'Name three businesses that have a better health care plans than Dunder Mifflin.'  Here's the problem. There's no open bar because of Jan and it's the reason why comedy clubs have a two drink minimum. It'll be fine, I just...wish people were going to be drunk.[in video] The Dundie award for 'Longest Engagement' goes to Pam Beesley.Pam, everybody! [starts clapping]Whoooo! When is that girl gonna get married? That's what I have to say. Ah, Roy's accepting.[on video] Thank you Roy. Are there any words you'd like to say, on Pam's behalf?[on video] Yeah, oh, hope not! Oh God!I'm not changing that, it's the best one.That's why it's funny. Every year that Roy and Pam don't get married, it gets funnier.Oh, [taking it to heart] lazy. Uh huh.Yes.Okay, well, that's just ridiculous, so just don't, I-I don't have time for this right now.Just don't, don't talk-Don't talk-Just STAP IT YAP IT!!!!Okay, look, I know there have been a lot of rumors flying around about the Dundies this year. How there is no money, and how there is no food, and how the jokes are really bad, but WHAT THE HELL EVERYBODY!? I mean, God. The Dundies are about the best, in every, one of us. Can't you see that? I mean, okay, we can do better. so, tonight, for the first time, we are inviting all of your friends and family to attend the awards with us.Yeah, not bad, right? So let's make this the best Dundies ever.The Dundies, how can I explain it? Awards you like to hate it. I'm psyched you all made it. You never had to work so hard and feel that no one notices you.  You're just a name and number and no one even says hello.' [to Ryan] Card!You down with The Dundies? You down with the Dundie-'Alright, alright, joke landed. So we are here, thank you all for coming to the 2005 Dundie awards. [takes off sweater to reveal tuxedo] I am your host, Michael Scott. And I just want to tell you please, please, do not drink and drive. Because you may hit a bump and spill the drink!Nope, actually this year, ah, no group tab, we're going to be doing separate checks.I did. And why didn't ya Stanley?Well, I'm looking forward to meeting Terri.[to Dwight, in a low voice] Shut it. [normal voice] Um, good. Speaking of relationships, of all, all way shapes and forms. Um, I was out on a very, very hot date with a girl from HR, Dwight.No, that...for the sake of the story. And things were getting hot and heavy.And I was about to take her bra off......when she made me fill out six hours of paperwork-No! [under his breath] God.[clears throat] Alright, so let's get this party staaaarrrrted.Um, guys, where you going? Pam, show's just getting started.And now... to someone who quietly goes about their job, but always seems to land the biggest accounts......the 'Busiest Beaver' award goes to Phyllis Lapin.Yeah, way to go Phyllis. Nice work, per usual.What? I told them busiest...idiots.Well, we'll fix it up. You don't have to display that.[in a stereotypical oriental accent] Herro everybodeeee. I'm gonna cwall Jan Revinson-Gould.[doing impression] Oh, dat wir be fwar. Ah, me so horny.Right? You know wat I'm talking 'bout.This next award goes to somebody, who really, lights up the office.Somebody, who I think a lot of us, cannot keep, from checking out. The 'Hottest in the Office' award goes to... ...Ryan the temp!Yeah. [singing to music] 'Hidy ho, you sexy thang. You sexy thang you.' Here you go.And the 'Tight Ass' award goes to Angela.  Not only because she is everybody's favorite stickler, but because she has, a great caboose.  So...come on down.The 'Spicy Curry' award goes to our very own Kelly Kapoor!  Get on up here. Here you go.Um, not everything means something, it's just a joke.I don't know, it's just...I know. It's ju- they didn't have any more businessmen. So...Just sit down Kelly.[sweaty and chugging water from a bottle] It's so freakin' hot in there. Now I know what Bob Hope was going through when he performed in Saudi Arabia. Man! I got Dwight sucking the funny out of the room, but you do what you can do. [Music starts playing in the background] Here we go, he's early with the cue. Here we go.[Michael is singing to the tune of 'Tiny Dancer' by Elton John] 'You have won a tiny Dundie.'Hey, thanks guys. Hey, where you guys from?Oh, alright, yeah.Uh, you know what guys, we're just having a little office party, so if you want, uh...[Something flies by Michael] Hey, you know, cool it guys, really-Let's cut it. [Dwight turns the music off][clears throat] [with a lot less enthusiasm] I had a few more Dundies to, uh, give out tonight, but, I'm just going to cut it short. And wrap it up so everybody can enjoy their food. Um...thanks for listening, those who listened. [clears throat] This last Dundie is for Kevin, this is the 'Don't Go in There After Me' award. It's for the time that I went into the bathroom after him, and it was really, really smelly. So...[give Kevin his award]There you go.[getting his spirit back] Alright, alright, alright, okay. Alright, we'll keep rolling. Okay, this is the fine work award. This goes to Stanley, for all the fine work he did this year.You know you did.And this next award is going out to our own little Pam Beesley......I think we all know what award Pam is going to be getting this year.It is the 'Whitest Sneakers' award! Because she always has the whitest tennis shoes on!Get on down here! Pam Beesley ladies and gentlemen! [Pam grabs the microphone from him] Oh, here we go.Pam Beesley ladies and gentleman. [Pam hugs Michael and gives him a quick peck on the cheek] Oh! Thank you.Was this year's Dundies a success? Well, let's see, I made Pam laugh so hard, that she fell out of her chair, and she almost broke her neck. So I killed, almost.Great work tonight.Excellent.Yes, that too, but I mean with the audio. Great work.TMI. Too much information. I used to say, 'Don't go there,' but that is so lame now. Or, 'You go, girl.' Or... Um, when did 'Where's the beef?' That was, like, a long, long time ago. It's funny how the shelf life of these things, like how long they last, like, 'Too much information' probably came on the scene... I mean, I didn't hear it till, like, this month, so it's pretty recently. Um, but you know, they're generally good for, like, no more than five or six years.All right, we need something for Kevin.What do we know about him? He's an accountant.[talking over Jim] He's fat. The fat accountant award.I am the fat accountant.Here he is.Really? What did they say? 'For a good time, call Michael Scott'?Why do you think that? You just immediately go to that, Dwight? Why are you so negative? Why...I mean, you just come in and you're just negative......and you just walk negatively.Do you want me to find out what it says?Yes.What does that even mean? What are you... What are you talking about?Just go and find out what it says and who said it and report back to me. But don't tell anybody that I have anything to do with it because if they ask me, I will say that you are crazy.Thank you. You won't regret this, Michael.I hadn't planned on including him.Kevin.Well, what should I do, guys? Seriously, do you want me to just cancel the Dundies?Ping? Everybody loves Ping. He's my most popular character.Really? Well, he is based on the Chinese delivery guy that I have, who talks exactly like that, so, I think you should take it up with him instead of me.[sighs] Well, neither of you are Chinese, so what... Why do you care?What?Dwight, you've hit a new low here.That is a good point.Okay, all right, I will do that. I will get to that definitely. Absolutely.Oh, I don't know. Maybe after I finish writing, producing, directing, and hosting your awards show. All right, just relax, keep your pants on. Unless, of course, you're in the bathroom and you should be able to take your pants off in that case without Creepsville Central spying on you. Good.Here we go. [organizing his costumes] And that. [to waitress] Hey. How you doing?[singing] You down with the Dundies?[singing] You down with the Dundies?[singing] You down with the Dundies? You're all my homies[singing] You down with the Dundies?[singing] Yeah, all the homiesI have listened to that song so many times and I still don't know what OPP stands for. Other people's... Something. I... [shakes head]All right, our next award... ah, yes, this award goes to the most creative writing on the ladies' room wall, and the winner is... Who is it? Who wants to claim it? Shiny Dundie. Who wrote it? Great idea, Dwight.He's hot, all right? What do you want me to do about it?[sighing] It was unanimous, Toby.Well, okay, I based it on what I felt was unanimous office sentiment, and this isn't even about what Ryan thinks. It's about you. It's about how you feel about the Dundies. Admit it.Yes, it is true.Okay, I don't have time for this. I need to get on stage and you are breaking my concentration. [imitating Native chant] Me Chief Michael Scott. Here to trade...Don't wanna forget that.Absolutely. Is this mine or is this Chili's?Keep it. My gift. [hugs Chili's Manager] Thank you. Have a good night. See you next year.[clears throat] Hey, what's up?Any emails today?No? Um... Check your spam folder.What?[laughs uncontrollably]Kay.I am king of forwards. It's how I like to do business, everybody joking around. We're like 'Friends'. I am Chandler and Joey and, uh, Pam is Rachel. And Dwight is Kramer.That's funny! That's funny. Not offensive. Uh... because it's nature. Educational.Um, I...Yeah... maybe. Maybe. Well, we'll see. Because I... I don't know if it's... [muffled by jacket over his head] Whup! Come on! Hey!Kay! Oh, you are so bad! Yeah!Oh, Boom! Bam! Oh, this guy is out of control! He is a madman! Better get the bleep button ready for him.Uh oh.Uh oh! Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-o!Todd Packer and I are total BFF. Best Friends Forever. He and I came up together as salesmen. One time, we were out and we met this set of twins. And Packer told them that we were brothers. And so, you know, one thing led to another, and we brought em back to the motel. And then Packer did both of them. It was awesome. So...Oh-whoa-oh! Oh! Okay. Grade 'A' gossip for you, right now. Randall, CFO, resigned. Nobody knows why.Really? Here we go! Buckle up. It's going to be a bumpy one!Oh, yeah.Well, to be fair... blondes, brunettes, you know, there's a lot of dumb people out there.Oh! Wow! I didn't say it! I didn't say it!Oh, wow! What did I tell you about the bleep button.Oh. Bad boy. [to Ryan] Um... Ryan? [makes Donald Duck noise]Ah! Man. That Todd Packer can do anything.Hey, send me that link to the monkey sex video. I'm going to forward it like it's hot.Forward it like it's hot. Forward it like it's hot. 'Old School'.Yes, Toby?Um... literally two seconds?Toby is in HR which technically means he works for Corporate. So he's really not a part of our family. Also he's divorced so he's really not a part of his family.No, no, Toby. No.It is a big deal. It's a big deal! What are we supposed to do? Scrutinize every little thing we say and do all day? I mean, come on!What?NO!What? He! No! Okay, what is a lawyer going to come in and tell us? To not send out hilarious emails or not tell jokes?There is no such thing as an appropriate joke. That's why it's a joke.Everyone! Hello! Everyone. Hi! Sorry to interrupt. I know you're all busy and the last thing you want is for a major interruption. But Toby has an announcement that he insists on making right now in the middle of the day. [to Toby] So, take it away.I wish you luck, Toby. I really do. But you are going to have a mutiny on your hands and I just can't wait to see how you handle it.A guy goes to a five dollar... lady of the night and he gets crabs. So, the next day he goes back to complain. And the woman says 'Hey. It was only five dollars. What did you expect? Lobster?' This is what's at stake.Time to bring out the big guns. I'm heading down to the warehouse where jokes are born. Find a killer joke that'll just blow everybody away at the seminar later. And remind them what is great about this place. So... ah! Here they are. [to Warehouse guys] Guys! Wondering if I could, uh, get your help for something. I'm looking for a new joke to tell and it needs to be just killer. And it does not need to be clean. So whatcha got?Um, yeah, no, well... I mean better. Better than that. The type of stuff you guys tell all day.Alright, alright. Well, yeah, but, you know... a joke but not necessarily at my expense.Oooh, okay. That was still about me.What?I don't feel bad.No, I don't.Okay.Well, not exactly what I was looking for but thanks guys.Thank you.Hi, is it over?No.I know, I know. It's good. It is not over. It is not over til it's over.Did he tell you everything? Obviously, he didn't because you all still look relatively happy. Albeit bored. Do you realize what we're losing? Seriously?Exactly! Mmwwah [blows kiss to Angela]! Can we afford to lose email forwards? Do we want that?Give me a break. Umm... Stanley, how about that hot picture you have by your desk? Centerfold in the Catholic schoolgirl's outfit? I mean, it is hot, it is sexy, and it turns him on. And I will admit, best part of my morning is staring at it. But what? Are we just going to take it away?I think the old honor system was just fine. For example, I have never slept with an employee. And, believe me, I could have.No! No! Catherine. Remember her? Remember how hot she was?She would have definitely slept with me.Yes, she was. Dammit, Kevin!What if Pam was a lesbian? What if she brought her 'partner' in to work? [to Toby] Would that be crossing the line?What if they made out? In front of everybody?At home? And I told everybody everything about it.Okay. Well, then let's act it out. Pam, you will be girl A and girl B will be... Okay! We'll use the doll. Pam. Pam?I wish Todd Packer was here because he would love this. I wonder if anybody else would like to do this. Hey! Um... we have to watch, uh, Toby's video that he's showing us in order to brainwash us and I was wondering if anybody would like to join in? Going to be fun. Got my great pizza. Whataya say? Jim?That's what she said. Pam?That's what she sai [clears throat]  Nope, but... Okay. Well, suit yourself.Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... Okay! Hypocrite! She is a hypocrite. That is such a scam! Okay.Okay, you are never going to believe this. The girl in the video we're watching that Corporate gave us... Darryl banged her! Aaand is about 90% sure.So you are the lawyer, Mr. O'Malley? I know a lot of lawyer jokes.Well, it's probably because you don't get 'em.When I said before that I was king of forwards, you got to understand that I don't come up with this stuff. I just forward it along. You wouldn't arrest a guy who's just delivering drugs from one guy to another.The problem is that I am the boss and apparently I can't say anything.Where's the line? Where's the line, Jan.No, I've seen the video.No, I didn't. [to Jan] Huh, what? [everyone looks up at blow-up doll]Attention, everyone! Hello! Ah, yes! I just want you to know that, uh, this is not my decision, but from here on out... we can no longer be friends. And when we talk about things here we must only discuss work-associated things.  And, uh, you can consider this my retirement from comedy. And in the future, if I want to say something funny or witty or do an impression, I will no longer, ever, do any of those things.Mmmhmm. Yes.THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID![laughing] Come on.Mwah! [kisses hand and salutes office]You would have done the same. You just didn't think of it first.It's... That's...Okay. [to man entering office] Hello. [introduces] Jan. Mr. O'Malley. This is my lawyer, James P. Albiny.I believe you may recognize his face from the billboards. He specializes in Free Speech issues.This guy does it all.What?So I'm not in trouble?I am so used to being the bad boy. I am so used to fighting Corporate that I forget that I am Corporate. Upper management. They hooked me up with an attorney. To protect me. You can't be too careful about what you say. Mo' money, mo' problems.Okay. Well, let's get you out of here, James. Um... I think we're under an hour still, so...I know. We'll talk about it later. Thanks for coming in.No. No, no, no. That crosses the line.Not you. Kevin. Just unwarranted. Hostile work environment, Kevin.No. You said it. He pointed. A point is not a say. Look. Kevin, we are a family here and Phyllis is a valued member of that family. Like a grandmother.I don't know about that.Well, I have a late birthday and usually September's a cut-off point. [to Kevin] You know what? You just crossed the line. Okay? There's a line and you went over it. And you must be punished. So go to your corner.Yes, your corner. Go.Mmmhmmm.They didn't get to me. I got to them. I am still the same old Michael Scott. New and improved. You know what? I love Phyllis. You know what else? I think she is gorgeous. I think she is incredibly, incredibly attractive person. [to Phyllis] C'mere, c'mere, c'mon!  Come on! Come on.Oooh!I'm not worried.You know what? The only thing I'm worried about... is getting a boner. Good work today, everybody.Times have changed a little. And even though we're still a family here at Dunder-Mifflin, families grow. And at some point, the daddy can't take a bath with the kids anymore. I am Upper Management. And it would be inappropriate for me to take a bath with Pam. As much as I might want to.Good morning, Pam.What's going on?What?I don't get what you mean.Well, you said I looked thin, so what does... Does that mean I'm like thin weird or thin handsome or... [laughing]Yes, well, of course. Of course. [laughing]Office romance. For example, Pam and I are dating, do we have to disclose that?No, but I'm saying hypothetically if we were dating...Well, Roy is dead, and I ask you out.You say yes, and we go out.And now Roy and Pam are dead, and we have your stupid rules to blame, Toby.Toby actually gets alimony from his ex-wife because she makes more, so that's kind of embarrassing. Not that I'd mind, but it would never happen to me because I would make the marriage work. People seem to like him because they think he's one of us, but he's not. He's this weird loner who just tells people, 'Don't do this, don't do that. Hire this person for this reason.' I would complain about him, but who would I go to, to complain about Toby? Toby. Bias. And what does he do about that? Nothing. Because he's Toby. What kind of name is that? It's almost a girl's name. I think I've known more girls named Toby than guys. He just kind of makes my skin crawl a little bit. Toby is the devil. Toby's the devil.I'm an early bird, and I'm a night owl. So I'm wise, and I have worms. Oh, breakfast.Yummy, yummy. Thank you, Ryan.Um. The sausage, egg, and cheese biscuit. But thank you. And why don't you take a couple hours. The office is yours. 'Home Alone,' 'Risky Business.' Take your pants off, run around. Whatever you gotta do.Ok. [Removes biscuit, leaving only sausage, egg and cheese.] Healthier. Gotta watch those carbs.Today, I, Michael Scott, am becoming a homeowner. Investing in real estate.Yes it is. Yes it is. It is very important to own property. Back in olden days, they would not even let you vote unless you owned property and they'd throw you in the stocks and humiliate you.Maybe.Yes. Yes. Final walkthrough.Sign the papers at the condo.Uh, I don't need one.I don't need a representative.No, No.No. Dwight. I'm fine.Well, this isn't about work. This is closing on a condo, it's completely personal.Except that, this is about my living arrangement, and as boss, I need to have a living arrangement in order to do work.Ok. Fine. Yes, you can come.As my associate.No it is not.Oh, most honorable Pamera. Not offensive, because that's the way they talk in movies.We are. Dwight and I are going to the big thing. So why don't you have everybody work on their expense reports and I'd like them in by the end of the day.Very good.We will. Um, did you do the thing I asked you to do about the magazines?Good. The Small Business Man?Maxim? American Way? Cracked?How about, uh, Fine Arts? Aficionado Monthly?NO, well can you get on that, because I don't just read Cracked.  Thank you.Ok. See you soon.I don't know, regular. Normal ones. Nothing fancy. Not my style. What are you doing?What? No, Dwight. It's fifty degrees outside.  Don't... please...I... Just... Would you put it up? [roof opens] Ok. Fine. Just leave it down. Whiner.I do not understand what you spend your money on.Home, sweet home.Right there. My sanctuary. My party pad. Someday I can just see my grandkids learning how to walk out here. Hang a swing from this tree. Push them back... wait... [turns around] no, it's this one, right here. Home, sweet home.Oh, how are you? Nice to meet you, Bill. Bill. Mr. Bill. OHHH NOOO. MR. BILL. OHHH! SNL? When they pull him apart? He'd always get rolled over by something.Nice to meet you too.Yeah, small. I'm buying it and I'm not renting it. So, it's still an upgrade. He doesn't know anything about property ownership. Kind of an idiot. Um.Oh. Good. That's good. It's good to be accommodating of that.This, my friends, is the master bedroom. Check out the cathedral ceilings. Those are like seventeen feet high. We have cable readiness. [points at wall] Right there. I am going to totally pimp this place out. I am going to put a surround sound system. I am going to put a plasma screen right against this wall.I'm putting my bed right over here.Well, then I will get a warrantee.Well then I won't get a warrantee.So that's the problem, is solved. What?Uh... Ten year.What? Wha? You said ten.Ok, ok, ok.Alright.Ok. Alright. Oh boy.Um. Oh. [moves stove burner] Oh, ok. Is that suppose to come off?Um. I'm going to take a little breather for a second. Excuse me.Oh, man.Uh. [breathes deeply, head at knees]The ceilings are lower than they were last week. That, I don't... I don't......know if you showed me this same unit or not.Where are all the hot people? I was told that there would be all these attractive singles.As far as I can tell, I'm the best-looking person here.There's a basic principle in real estate, that you should never be the best-looking person in the development. It's just sorta common sense, because if you are, then you've no place to go but down.No, no, no.I am not going to rent the third bedroom. I want a price reduction or I am a-walkin.Ehhhh....I made the right decision. I'm glad I signed. I'm a homeowner. Right? Good to be a homeowner. Diversifying. This is good. This is fun. We're having fun.There's something else Dwight wanted to talk to you about. I have a surprise for you, for helping me out today.No, no. I insist. I insist. Because you've really done some great work. Great work. And that is why, I am going to let you move into my third bedroom and pay me rent.Why did I do it? Because I believe in rewarding people for their efforts. Ah. I rewarded Dwight with the room, and he is rewarding me back, ah, with $500 plus utilities.I'm thinking, lock into a four year commitment, we'll go month to month after that. Or, until I start dating, have a girlfriend, then you're, you know, you're gone.What the hell is a terrarium?Oh, so an aquarium. Ah, that will not come into this place.We take separate cars.Why would we do that?No.EHHHHNT. Game over. Offer revoked. Dwight. I'm sorry, but you reach out and you try to be a nice guy, and help out a friend, and this is what happens. This is what I get. Oh god. I'm ... Ok.Yeah, well, you know what? Nobody cares about your stupid beet farm. Beets are the worst.Nobody likes beets.Nobody likes beets, Dwight. Why don't you grow something that everybody does like? You should grow candy. I'd love a piece of candy right now. Not a beet.Stop it! [smacks Dwight's arm]Yeah. Jim. Slim Jim. What's going... What's going on?Oh. Thanks. Thanks. It's very cool. It's a three bedroom, gay-friendly.You know.Really?What's this?I don't really know what to say. Um, I'm not one for making speeches, but ah, my heart is very full at this moment.Get up here, Dwight.Yep, not as good as gold. [national anthem plays] Why are you playing the national anthem?Oh. [doves move across cord] What the hell is that?Oh, okay. I'll tell you. Let's see here. Three bedroom, two bath......contemporary townhouse. Two car parking......wall-to-wall carpets......all fixtures included. Yes, this is... This is looking good.I think it does.Yes.I think it has a... Yeah, it has a deck. They call it a porch, but it has a deck.When a man is laying on his deathbed there are four things that go through his mind. Was I well-loved? Check. Did I express myself? Did I let my light shine through? Check. Will an attractive woman cry at my funeral? Check. Probably more than one. Check. Check, check, check, check. Lastly, did I achieve success and own real estate? And when I close on this condo, I will be able to check that one as well.Home owner. About to join an exclusive club, Dwight. Maybe some day these people out here will know what that feels like. Maybe not. Who knows? Not my problem. [groans]Are we ready?Are we gonna do it?This is all mine. All the way down around the corner. It's a shared space, but I can use it whenever I want to,Ah, the volunteer Sheriff station.No.Oh, anything bad?Mmm-hmm.Mmm-hmm.No.I don't need a gun.Hello! How are you? I'm, uh, just about to close on 126 over there and I guess we're going to be neighbors. Very cool, very cool. So, uh, so what's the vibe? What's the vibe of this place?Oh... That's gonna change. [laughing]Because I loves to party and I'm gonna be partying my butt out at this place.Here's a question for you. I have a convertible. Is it safe that park that in my driveway. [Man steps back inside his house and shuts the front door] All right. See you soon. Good guy. Um, cool.I think I'm going to make myself some microwave popcorn. [humming] Press 'Popcorn.' Oh, that's gonna be delicious. I just love having popcorn in the middle of the afternoon. You know what? I could do with some hot chocolate as well. Oh, drat. I can't make hot chocolate and popcorn at the same time, unless, I can. Boom! Second microwave for le hot chocolat.Oh, Carol. Hello, how are you?Good to see you.Second bedroom for the ladies. I mean, the extra ladies who aren't in my bed, or for friends or family, whoever wants to pop on by to casa de Scott. And right in here... What, what's in here? Uh-oh, bedroom number three. What are we gonna do in there? Limitless possibilities.What? [toilet flushing] What are you doing in there?Oh, my God. Dwight.You know what I might do, I might make this into a kids' room.I will have a girlfriend once she sees this place. I'm gonna get married and I'm gonna have kids.I'm not gonna date a 55-year-old woman.No, it's not. Just shut up.You're an ass. Shut it.No, you don't.I'm gonna back out of the deal. Nothing personal, but I feel like I have been taken advantage of here.This smells of fraud to me. This whole thing just kind of stinks.Howard, slash Ryan, Ryan Howard is sitting in my office. And he has been a temp here for a couple of months and he's kind of gotten the lay of the land a little bit. Had a few laughs along the way. And now he wants to know what I think.Shall we? Let us proceed. First up, proficiency in necessary skills. Aaaaeeexcellent! [laughs]Five years from now, what do you want to do? Where do you want to be?Oh! Good. Ambitious. Excellent. Want to be a manager?That is ridiculous.Ryan's about to attend the Michael Scott School of Business. I'm like Mr. Miyagi and Yoda rolled into one.[speaks in a Yoda voice] Much advice you seek. [regular voice] Do you know who that is?Mmm... No. That was Yoda.There are ten rules of business that you need to learn.  Number one: You need to play to win. But... you also have to win to play.And I will give you the rest of the ten at lunch.[to Ryan] [makes clicking noises like shooting a gun] Hey!Yes, I was the first one out. And, yes, I've heard women and children first. But, we do not employ children. We are not a sweat shop. Thankfully. And, uh, women are equal in the workplace by law. So, I let them out first, I have a lawsuit on my hands.Another rule of business is being able to adapt to different situations.Adapt. React. Re-adapt. Act. All right? That's rule number two.So what was rule two?Okay, well, let's... . let's kind of take it a little slower.Okay, uh, well, one is taken.Well, he needs a permanent number, right?Um, yeah.  Okay. That... No, no, no. I got one. I got one. The Three Stooges.Rule number four. In business, image is everything - Andre Agassi. This car is an investment. Right? If I have to take out a client or I'm seen around Scranton in it. I love it. I love this car. Do you like it?Wow, some pretty big books back there, huh?Hello, Mr. Egghead! Woop!  So... oh, Stanley Kaplan! I know him. 'M' is for Murder, 'P' is for......for Phone. What?Um, oh, thinking about business school?Really?So you think you know a lot about business?Uh huh.Yeah. Quiz me.Come on, egghead. Let's do it.Quiz me up.Uh...When I was Ryan's age, I worked in a fast food restaurant, to save up money for school. And then I spe... lost it in a pyramid scheme. But I learned more about business, right then and there, than business school would ever teach me, or Ryan would ever teach me.[to Dwight] Shut, it. Can I... can I just do it please? [to Ryan] Uh, it's equal.Okay. Yes! It was a trick question.Okay, Dwight.You know what, Dwight? You don't need to help me here. Okay? Well, you know... Maybe you should go to business school like Ryan, then... then you'd know what you're talking about.For instance, why don't you go to business...Stop. Dwight. You know what? You're acting like a dork. Would you cool it? Please. Okay. Hey! He's not your five year old brother, Dwight. He's a valued member of this company... and you know what? He knows more about business than you ever will.I did not go to business school. You know who else didn't go to business school? LeBron James, Tracy McGrady, Kobe Bryant. They went right from high school to the NBA. So... so it's not the same thing. At all.Look at this stuff. Market fragments. What is that supposed to be?You are so smart. You are so eff-in' smart. You should be teaching me.I became a salesman... because of people, I love making friends. But then I was promoted to manager, at a very young age. I still try to be a friend first, but... You know? I'm very successful... your coworkers look at you differently. Huu, what do you think?Nah, I'm okay.Oh, hey. Game, what game are we playing here?Oh, I play this at home all the time while I'm falling asleep. What, uh... . Where are we? Where are we here?  Mmm.. Roy? Roy? Who would you do, Roy?Aaaall right. Who's next, who's next, who's next, who's? Jim? You're next. Who would you do?Well, I would definitely have sex with Ryan. 'Cause he is going to own his own business.Who's, uh... Who's next? Who we got? Whooo...Wish I had my cell phone, but I left it inside. So...What's that?Yeah.Dwight. Hey!Dwight, don't! He is an idiot. The man is an idiot, ladies and gentlemen.I didn't say it to him. I said it about him.[in the background] How long does it take to find a cell phone? I don't know either.Seriously, where the hell is Dwight? Hey, call my cell phone. It'll make it easier for him to find.I gave it to you in the car.I saw you program it in.Okay. Alright.Uh, I better tell somebody. [to fireman] Excuse me, sir...Dwight!? Great goin'. God, Man! Why did you go in there? What... Everybody was scared out of their wits, man? Oooh.Wow. Okay. Well, I guess they don't teach how to operate a toaster oven in business school.Hey, did you miss that day there, Ryan?Toaster Oven 101?Hey! I know what'll impress everybody, I'll start a fire. Oh, man. Bad idea. Bad idea jeans.[singing] ...since the world was turning.Okay. Rule five - safety first,  i.e. don't burn the building down. Okay? That should be a no brainer.Oh... look! Ryan is book smart. And I am street smart. And book smart.I'll give you the rest of the ten tomorrow.Rule three: Reach for the stars. And if you fail, see rule four. Rule four: Failure is not an option.Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. And at the end I will reveal, that they were all just one rule.Mmm-hmm.No, I'm not trying to trick him. I'm trying to be a good mentor. So...No.No, come on, Dwight, I have to have 10 of these by lunch, I promised Ryan.I'm not asking the temp for an extension unless I really need it.Yes, yes, I ran out first. A captain is always the first one on the ship and the last one off the ship. And this parking lot is our ship when the building is on fire. So, I ran out onto the ship.When I was Ryan's age, I worked at Arby's and then I worked selling cutlery for a while. Cutlery that could decimate a penny, I kid you not. There were these shears that could cut straight through a penny. So I have life experience and work experience that Ryan doesn't, and will never have.If I could change the life of one person, just one person. I... Actually, that's shooting kind of low. I already did that when I was born. I changed two people's lives. Mom and Dad. Um, if I could change the lives of 5,000 people... 10,000. No, five. I'd be satisfied with 5,000. I... 10,000 though, that'd be something. Wow, 10,000 people. Because, you know what? Even one is amazing.Happy Halloween, everyone! [notices Pam, in her cat costume] Oh... that's great!Ohh... OK.I know why she's calling. It's the end of the month, and I was supposed to let somebody go by the end of the month.  And somehow I'm supposed to put on a costume and smile. [dials a number on his speaker phone] Okay.Hey, Sherri. Michael Scott returning.Well, I'm gonna wait till the end of the day. Because the book said it's best to wait till the end of the day.I don't know... yet. I will have to call her back.Okay... Sherri?If you were getting fired, how would you wanna be told so you could still be friends with the person firing you?Thanks.I'll call her back. [talks softy, to himself] Wish I could fire Sherri.Okay! I'm sorry.No?Bye.I mean you hear about layoffs in the news, but when you actually have to do it yourself, it is heavy stuff. It's... these are people's lives you're talking about.Yes.Yes.Yeeesh.Um, Pam, I have to let somebody go today. This is, uh, the hardest thing I've ever had to do.Because it's very scary stuff.You're worried about the party? There's a man's life at stake here.No. Or a woman. A human life. If you had to guess, who it would be based on their job performance... and who you think deserved to be fired - who would that be?And... sometimes you just let it go to voicemail.I know. I sent away for it in July from a catalog. [bobs his head around, causing the costume head to jiggle around]Oh, man. Okay, I have to fire somebody.Hey.You guys excited about the party?It's gonna be fun.[looks to Oscar] Oh, boy... look at you! Haha. Showing your colors. Bet you wish you wore a dress every day.All good. Happy Halloween. What happened to all those spooky decorations that we had? The cobwebs and such?Well, you know what? Go buy some more. I'll approve the overages. Sound good?Good.  Oh, yeah, also about budget stuff. Um, I'm  going to need you to find, like a, a full employee salary, plus benefits, like fifty grand. I'm going to need you to find 50 grand in the numbers.Well, that's not what I'm saying. Just, you know, find it. Pretend that your jobs depend on it.Mmm-hm-hmm. Interesting take on Dorothy. I love it. Hey, you know what would even be better? Soccer ball and cleats.Bend It Like Beckham.'[laughs] Yeah. That would be perfect.Well, I don't really have two heads. So...Who do you think it should be?No, Jim brings in money.Eh.It's not a popularity contest. Although it does make sense to fire the least popular because it has the least effect on morale.[turns to the fake head, listening] What? There was someone left off that list? Who?You're right, I didn't even think of him.Yeah, that's actually a really good idea.Yeah... I could.I'm not saying that's what he said.[listening to his head] What?That is not a very nice thing to say about him.Are you kidding?I agree. He'd land on his feet.So. How did it go with Stanley? How... how'd he take it?Ahh, come on.I don't wanna fire Stanley. I never said that. I'm certainly not going to do it myself. Get those big, baleful, eyes staring at me. Yikes. Just, okay, just... [waves Dwight away]Oh, God.Fantastic!What?! That would've solved all my problems.Oh, you idiot.If you left, I wouldn't have to fire anybody.Big deal. Oh, it would've worked out so well. Can you get it back?You can call. Can you call 'em?Wohahah! Why are you torturing me?! God.[clearing his throat and interrupting Jim's talking head] Can I speak to you a minute?Help. Me.I want you to role play firing me. I want you to fire me, and I will take it.Yes.I want you to be me, and I will be Creed.No, no, no. That's just the first thing... came... in head.Yes, that's a good idea.Aaaahh! I'm gonna kill myself!I'm going to kill myself, and it's your fault!Corporate is really breathing down my neck. And they're saying this has to be done by the end of the month.I... this is Creed.I'm improvising, so just try to keep up. [phone rings]And I'm very angry, and I want...I'm gonna kill you. I'm going to kill you for firing me.Get off, get off. No, no. OK.. just get off.[sits back down in his chair and waves Jim off.] Just, just... yeah.Uh, hey... Creed?Could I talk to you for a second?You are great. Very ambitious. And I feel like you want more than this little office has to offer. And I understand that you'd wanna just spread your wings, and fly the coop.I... we're gonna have to... You... you want something better.No, you wanna leave.Why... why are you making this so hard?I think you're right.No, of course  you can't go. We haven't even started this horrible process of... okay, Creed. I need to let somebody go today. They told me I need to let somebody go. And as much as I think you're a great guy, and I like you, you're... you're, goodbye.Hmm?What old days? What are you talking about?It's right here on the desk, yeah.I can't, I can't...I can't change anything. This is the way...I don't... okay, just listen.Don't...Yeah, I went hunting once. Shot the deer in the leg, had to kill it with a shovel. Took about an hour. Why do you ask?I have to fire someone today, okay?Okay, well... I already picked you. And you know that. So, unless I just go through with this, you're always gonna look at me as the guy who almost fired you.Don't...Devon, could I talk to you for a sec?Well, he...Well, maybe I did.Huh. No! I can't, no. I can't go back. I would look like an idiot.No.No. It was all the stuff that I said. It was the business downturn, the cutbacks, and, and...I just hope that you and I can remain friends.Devon, wait, please.Look, look. In addition to severance, and everything, I want to give you this gift certificate to Chili's. From me. Okay? No hard feelings.I  love Halloween. You know, it's just, it's just fun. Every year, it's just fun. Last Halloween I came as Janet Jackson's boob. It was topical. People got a... a big kick out of it. The year before that, I came as Monica Lewinsky, and I wore a stained dress. The year before that, I also came as Monica Lewinsky. And before that, I was O.J. It was pretty funny. Oh, I wish you were here last year.He... Hey, hey, hey, hey! How you doing? Wow! You guys looks great.You look great! And you're a princess?A fairy princess. You're very... .You're a lion. [trying to to open a bag of candy] Wow, I want to hear your, your... Oh! [the bag tears open, spilling all the candy] Oh, okay, that's all yours. That's all yours. Grab it, grab it. You know what? You guys are getting all of these.Hey, you. Big Jim. And Phyllis. Working hard, Phyllis?Of course. You're always working hard.Keep it up. And there's Stanley. No costume? Well, no, not trying to fit in. I wish I had your confidence, I really do.No, no. What could possibly be wrong? Everything's great. Just keep living your lives. Everything's gonna be fine. [sighing] You are all such wonderful, innocent people.What? What?Fine. If you are so anxious to see a head roll, it's you. There. You brought it on yourself. Too bad. Can't say that I'm sorry. It's a relief.You asked for a name, I gave you a name. Now you're not doing your job. Why don't you just resign?Just know that if I could have fired you, I would have.I'm going to have to do this Sopranos-style. Just whack him. Guys, could you take the freight elevator, please?You know what? That's my foot.You guys...I will handle it in the best way possible, but in case he or she goes postal, you will be available to subdue. Am I correct?I don't know. Hey, are you on our payroll or are you employed by the building?Oh, shoot. Okay, well, just have your pepper spray ready.All right. All right, this is it. By the time I get back to our floor, I will have decided. [elevator bell dings] Wow, that's  a fast elevator.I have a proposal, everybody. Listen up. Now, Corporate has been really breathing down my neck to make some pay cuts, but I refuse to fire anyone. So, I was thinking that maybe all of you would take a 10% pay cut and that would save the money. Yeah?Okay, great. Fine. Well, then, if anyone is annoyed later at what goes down, you know who to blame. Stanley. Not the guy who was trying to be creative. [turns around to find Toby standing behind him]Leave me alone, okay?Do you want some coffee?[slurping] Oh, wow. How long have you worked here? How many years, Creed?Yeah, that's right. Fifteen years and three months. Wow, you were hired before I was. Must be thinking about retirement.Why?It's just that you never got married and you live in an apartment.Yeah.Just trying to be your friend.Of course, I did. I always... Yes, I do.Are you pulling my leg or...You have no clue why I've asked you in here?Oh, here we go. This... um, here's the deal.Yes. Actually, I have. I have been on a hunting trip. I shot a deer in the leg. I had to... I had to hit him, I had to hit him with a shovel for about an hour, so he... That's good eating, though. Venison's very gamey. It's hard to watch, though. It's hard to... It's hard to hit another living thing in the face with a shovel for about an hour. That... I haven't been hunting since then. I, I... 'Cause that's, you know, where's the joy in that? Where's the... There's no sport, really. Especially when you're the one with the shovel. And they're the one just lying there. Um... I would have rather hit it with my car or something and just... I was just smacking the hell out of that thing. That was a mess. And we just left him there. I didn't eat it. I didn't want to eat that. That guy. Why do you ask?His name was Devon.The human being man's name was Devon.[talking over Jan] Yes, yes, yes.Yes, it is.Uh, well, I am. A little. Justifiably. My Halloween is ruined.Do you? I don't think you do. Devon was one of my best buddies. And now he hates me.[talking over Jan] You're glad?Thanks. Thanks so much. You think it was good?[talking over Jan] Think I did a good job? Great. I feel good. I'm gonna give myself a pat on the back.There. I'm doing it. Right there. Great.[camera pans over, Michael is sitting in a chair] Yeah, blah, blah, blah.You people are revolting. By far, the least popular people here. I should have fired you. Who knew Devon was so popular and had so many friends. So well-loved.[singing and tapping on his coffee mug] I don't want to work, I just want to bang on this mug all day.Uhh, yes, I did, here's the dizzle. I have a very top secret mission for you. I want you to update all the emergency contact information.[to Pam] Hello, oh God, busy work. Ahh, get away, cretin.Yes, thank you. I know where to sign.Last year they were out of order, weren't they Pam?Chillax, Pam. Stop Pam-M-S-ing. That's pretty good. Um, actually, I'm sending Ryan on a top secret mission. Tell her what it is.Is it a priority? Oh I don't know, um, what if there is a tornado, Pam? People's legs are crushed under rubble. 'Please, would you be so kind as to call my wife? No, I can't because we don't have any emergency contact information because Pam said it wasn't a priority.' Think. Think with your head, Pam. Ok, well. She walks out. That's the problem with being a boss is that when you are tough they resent you and when you are cool they walk all over you.Catch-22. Yes. Why don't you give me your contact information to start with, ok, what's your cell?[in his office on his cell phone, talking in a fake high voice] Hey Ryan. This is Michael Jackson calling from Wonderland.This is Tito.Calling from... [Ryan hangs up][Taps on the glass in his office to get Ryan's attention] Pick up.[in a high pitched voice] This is Mike Tyson.And this is more a ying-yang thing. The 'Michael' all cursive, the 'Scott' all caps. Left brain, right brain. Or, duality of man.Yeah, yeah, I don't think that would happen.Because I would kick his ass.So? I've beaten up black belts.They told me. After. You see, I used to run with a very tough crowd. Street Fighter types. Real, real bad people, I'm just lucky I got out.And after that, nobody ever messed with the 'Damn Rascals' ever again.You were a Jet?Yes, in theory, I have. I just need to cross some t's and dot some i's. Alright, I'm going to be in my office if anybody needs me. [Puts Dwight in a headlock] Hoo-hah. Oh, wow, sleeper hold. That's my rebuttal. Shhh. Hoo. You are the weakest link.I'm friends with everybody in this office. We're all best friends - I love everybody here. But sometimes your best friends start coming into work late, and start having dentist appointments that aren't dentist appointments. And that's when it is nice to let them know that you can beat them up.Just hit me. You'll see.Oh, queer... [realizes he is on camera] eye. Queer eye. That's a good show. Important show. Go ahead. Do it.Oh yeah, that would be kind of worthless because I know a ton of fourteen year old girls who can kick his ass.Look, Dwight is a wuss. When we rented 'Armageddon'...... he cried at the end of it. He did.Oh, Bruce Willis. Are they going to leave him on the asteroid?Ok, here we go. Alright, come on.Fuuuaaaahhhhh... oohhhhh!Yeah. [Jim opens office door for Michael] Thank you.[Pam knocks on his door] Go away.I haven't signed them, ok?Come in. Um, Pam, I hate to break this to you but Dwight can't stop you from being mugged. He's just not tough enough.Oh, I could beat up Dwight. That's ridiculous. I could murder him.Oh, so that's what they are saying?Ok, alright, where is Dwight?Ok.Watch out Kelly, he might sucker punch you.No, Really?Really? Well, the offer, Dwight, was for one punch which I absorbed. I had no idea that there would be a second punch. So, catch-22.Look, if we were in a bar right now, there would be two punches: me punching you and you hitting the floor.Really?You know what? You're just lucky that we are at work right now.No, they must have class.Look...Hey, Toby.I've got an idea: why don't you leave right now. Why don't you walk away from the room, 'kay? Fine. We'll go at lunch. Pam, make an announcement. Figure out carpools.I recognize that. That is Japanese for California Roll.I think it is. A guy told me about that.Oh.Alotta rules. Alotta rules. On the street we didn't have any rules. Maybe one - no kicks to the groin, home for dinner.Hey!What the hell was that?No.Alright, that's the way you want it.Play dirty, huh? Ok, game on, man.I'm comin' atcha man. Ok, purple belt, ok. I got him.I got his pants.Dwight, you have... No, you have something... God, you look like such an idiot! [Lots of yelling and flailing of arms by Michael and Dwight]Go on, I dare you to kick there again. Kick there again, I dare ya.You can't see. You can't see. Good boy. Good boy. Great boy. Two points, three points, four points. I win. I win. [Michael is using his head guard to hit Dwight] Eight points. Nine points. [Begins to hock a loogie]Open your mouth.You talkin' to me? You talkin' to me? 'Raging Bull.' Pacino. Oh, I want that footage. I want it. I need it. Ah, I have to get back to work. I have lots of work... Oh, oh check this out. Come here. [Michael opens his blinds and looks at Ryan in the parking lot] There he is. Mr. Temp. Having lunch by the car. Let us play with him. This'll be hilarious. [Calls Ryan on the phone, Ryan doesn't pick up after seeing that Michael is calling] Oh, we're playing phone tag.My emergency contact is Todd Packer. Todd F. Packer. Do you know what the F. stands for?[knock at the door] Yeah... uh, come in. Oh, hey Karate Kid. The Hillary Swank version. Hi. How are ya?He is such a sore loser. You heard, obviously, that I mopped the floor with him this afternoon. You know what, um, do yourself a favor and just keep me as his contact and I will call the hospital. Cut out the middle man.[Knock at the door] Yeah.Yeah, just throw them on the chair. I'll take it from here. So, whatcha up to this weekend?If you're doing anything crazy, give me a shout.Alright, bye.Dwight?This close. Dwight, may I speak with you for a minute?Well, [points at himself] busier. Making the time.Well, you don't even have anyone to go home to, Toby.I know, but I've been carrying the load on my back all day, and if everybody would just chip in a little bit, it'd might help me out. What do you say? Let's gangbang this thing and go home. Good? Dwight.I have been testing you the entire day. Did you know that?And I am happy to say that you have passed. So effective immediately I am promoting you from Assistant to the Regional Manager to Assistant Regional Manager.I know, I know, I know, I wouldn't be offering it if I didn't think you could handle it.No, no, title change only.No, no. Three month probationary period. Let's not tell anybody about this right now.Absolutely but not really.Yes you do.And, ditto.I told Dwight that there is honor in losing. Which, as we all know, is completely ridiculous, but there is, however, honor in making a loser feel better which is what I just did for Dwight. Would I rather be feared or loved? Um, easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me. And I think I proved that today at the dojo.Yeah, I don't think that would happen. See, I used to run with a very tough crowd, street fighter types. Real, real bad people. I'm just lucky I got out. I was a bad ass mo-fo. Stanley knows what I'm talking about.I've never lost a fight. You know why? My motto. Never say die.No, that's not how I meant it.Shut up, Dwight.Yes.Oh. Well, in my office, if you took off your shoes, it would be a sign of disrespect. Stinkyfeetville. Kind of a ying-yang. [exclaiming] Oh, stretchin'. I like to stay tight. Compact. [Dwight screaming]Do you have, do you have anything in, like, black?God, you look like such an idiot. [both yelling] [grunting]Stan the man.Did you hear about the fight? Well, it wasn't much of a fight, actually.I opened a big can of whoop-ass on him.I went medieval on his heinie.Hey, Stanley. I don't tell you how to do your job, do I? He...Grow a pair, Stanley. Right? There not gonna downsize because I miss a lot of deadlines. That's not how business works, okay? [sighs] Okay.[door opening] All right. Here you go, Princess. Just finished with part one.Yes, under my tutelage.If you didn't badger me with so many questions, Pam, I could be done with it by now.Wow, graphs and charts, somebody's really been doing their homework.  Looks like USA Today.I changed it.  To Chili's.Radisson just gives out this vibe, 'Oh, I'm doing business at the Radisson'.  It's kind of snooty.  So.Here's the thing. Chili's is the new golf course.  It's where business happens.  Small Businessman Magazine.It will.  I sent it in.  Letter to the editor.Uh huh, uh huh. [under his breath] Power trip.Ok, let's do this thing.  [to Pam] Wish us luck.[under his breath] Kiss ass.  Ok, probably going to go late tonight.  Burning the midnight tequila.  So, I think you could all just take off now.Well...No, no.  That would not be efficient.  Actually, they just don't get very much work done when I'm not here.  [Jan stares at Michael] That's not true.  I know how to delegate, and they do more work done when I'm not here.  Not more.  The same amount of work is done, whether I am here or not. [another Jan stare]  Hey, everybody, listen up.  This is what we're gonna do.  You sit tight, until I return.  Sound good?  Doesn't matter, it's an order.  Follow it blindly, mwahahaha, ok?  Alright, ciao.  [to Oscar] Adios!Uh, I'll drive.It's just a couple blocks away, so... boy, you really don't know Scranton, do you?At all!You ever been to Scranton, Jan? Dar de-Dar de dar.Jan Levinson-Gould.  Jan is cold.  If she was sitting across from you on a train and she wasn't moving, you might think she was dead.We should come up with a signal of some sort.Well, in case one of us gets into trouble, the other one can signal-Well, I... it could be either of us.Yeees.Hello?  Christian?Thought that was you.  Hi.  Michael Scott.  This is Jan Levinson-Gould.No Gould?Uh, Jan, what happened?Is Gould dead?  What uh-Wow, you're kidding me!  Do you wanna talk about?When did this happen?Ok.Alright, after you.[mouths 'Wow' to the camera]Awesome blossom.[to Christian] I think we should share an Awesome Blossom, what do you say?   They are awesome. Want to, Christian, blossom?Ok, it's done. Actually, [turns around] Megan, may we have an Awesome Blossom, please, extra awesome?  Now it's done.I heard a-Very very funny joke the other day.  Wanna hear it?Ok.Just one joke.  Ok.  Well, if it's just gonna be one, I will think of a different joke.  Umm... let's see... choo choo choo.Pam, it's Michael.  I need you to go into my office and check some data for me.Yes.No.Nope.  Told it.  Not as good as you think.  Pick another one.Oh ho ho, yea!  Bingo! And a lighthouse.  Yes.  That is hysterical.  Could you start that one from the beginning?First guy says 'Well, I'm an astronaut, so I drive a Saturn'.  And the second guy says, 'Well, I am a pimp, so I drive a cheap Escort'.  And the third guy says 'I gotcha both beat, I'm a proctologist, so I drive a brown Probe'.[making the mouth on his tie talk]  Yum! Yum yum yum! [Christian laughs]  That's delicious!  I love it!Bop! Be blah bop, be boo boo bop.That's why I wanted a signal, between us, so that I wouldn't have to just shout non-sense words.  That's her fault.Did somebody say 'baby back ribs'?  Hmmm? Hmmmmm?[singing] I want my baby back, baby back, baby back [Christian laughs][singing] Chili's baby back ribs...Woo, well, this brings us to Jan.  Truth or Dare?  Tell us about your divorce. Ohh, ohh.Oh, so you're not gonna play?  She's not playing.She's not playing the game.Check please.No, you were not stupid.  Gould was stupid.  Right?You know?It's true.Uh huh, Kenneth Road, born and raised.  Spent my whole life right here in Lackawanna County and I do not intend on movin'.  I know this place.  I know how many hospitals we have, I know how many schools we have.  It's home, you know?  I know the challenges this county's up against.  Here's the thing about those discount suppliers.  They don't care.  They come in, they undercut everything, and they run us out of business, and then, once we're all gone, they jack up the prices.It's bad.It, you know what, it really is.Well, corporate's gonna go ballistic, but, uh, you think we could Jan?[waving to Christian]  See ya.We did it!Nailed it.  Nailed it!  Come here.What!?Goin'. Ok.  Where we goin'?  Doesn't matter.  Goin' to the go go. [nervous laugh] Oh-ok.Morning, Pam.  Hey.No, nothing happened.  I-I swear, nothing happened.  What, I'm, totally being serious.  A gentleman does not kiss and tell, and neither do I. [laughs] No, seriously, guys, I'm not, I don't want to go into it at all.  It's off limits.  Fine, I took her back to her hotel and we made out for a little while.  It was great.  I mean she told me about her divorce, we talked for about five hours, she fell asleep on my arm.  So.Hello, Dwight.Who.Uh, no, no, no Gould.This is none of your affair because she is your boss-And she is a woman.  She is a strong, soft, thoughtful, sexy woman.  And you know what?  I don't think that I can sit here and let you talk about her that way without me defending her honor. [to camera]  Jan, I defend your honor.  [to Dwight]  Is that all?I know we have to register as a consensual sexual relationship with HR.  My question: do I do it as the man?  Does she do it as my superior?  I don't know.  That leads to other issues that we may have in our relationship.  It's, uh, [phone rings] Excuse me.  Hello?  Hi!  Just talking about you.  The camera?  No.  Uh huh.  How's traffic?  I miss you.  What.  Ok.  Well, if it was a mistake, it was a wonderful mistake.  No. [to camera]  Would you excuse me? [to Jan] No, I did not intentionally get you drunk. Um hmm.  No, no. [goes under his desk] This is just a fight. This is just a first fight of many fights we're gonna have.  Right.  No.  Wha-so-I don't understand, you wanna see other people.  Only other people.  Wh-why, ok, I think you're still a little bit drunk [to camera which is now under desk] Excuse me?  Excuse me?!  [to Jan] I think you're, yes, why don't you just come back here, go to the hotel, have a few drinks and-no, no.  I didn't slip you something!Have you ever heard of Doctor David Friendly?Doctor David Friendly's Egg Yolk Diet.  It's, it's kind of unique.  It's just, my diet the last couple months has consisted mostly of eggs yolks and cottage cheese.  And, um, what you do, you don't just have the egg yolks, it's not like a Rocky thing.  You do like hard boiled eggs and I got one a those melon ballers [shot of Michael peeling boiled egg] and I, it's just like a little ice cream scoop, and I just scoop out the middle of the egg and just pop it in my mouth.  I don't even, I don't even use a plate anymore.  Uh, the first couple weeks I did, but you know what, boom, I keep a melon baller in my desk so if I have a hard boiled egg [Jenna breaks as Pam and laughs] I know, I know!  But you know what?  It's perfect.  I know it sounds ridiculous, it sounds ridiculous, but you know what?  Dr. David Friendly, he came up with this thing.  The guy, I think he was like four hundred pounds when he started, and he started with this... I, well, the melon baller was my idea.[throwing away food from the fridge] Not today, Kevin.  Cannot be around carbs today.  You know what one loaf of bread would do to my abs?Uh huh.Conflict!I have a conflict with that.Uh, I have a pajama party.  At the Playboy Mansion.  With the bunnies.I can't get out of it!Ok, alright.I'm hearing you, meeting confirmed.Meeting confirmed.  Would you like your confirmation number?  Please grab a pen, because I will only be repeating this once.42897.  Ok.What is a closer?  A closer is a sales term for someone who always gets the job done.  And that is me.  A B C, always be closing.  Glen Garry, Glen Ross.  'Hey, gimme the Glen Ross leads.'  'No way, they're just for closers.'  'Do you know who you're talking to?' 'I'm Michael Scott.'  'Really?  Well, take any lead you want.'  'No thanks, I don't need 'em.'  Because I have a client list [taps screen] right here in my computer.  [sighs] So suck on that.Pam, could I see you in my office?Pam, you're trustworthy-And a woman-And I want you to listen to a voicemail from my boss. [Jan on recording] 'Michael, it's Jan. I guess I missed you.  I'll, uh, be there this afternoon for performance reviews.  I hope it's understood that that will be our only topic of discussion. See you soon.'  First impressions?My boss is coming in today, the lovely Jan Levinson-Gould will, well, no Gould. The Gould has been [makes slashing neck hand motion] swack, divorced.  Um, the awkward part is that this will be the first time that we'll be seeing each other since, well, uh, it was really nothing.  We just sort of got caught up in the moment.  The vulnerable divorcee gives herself to the understanding, with rugged good-looks, office manager.  Just, uh, she didn't want it to continue for some reason.  It, we both, I didn't want it, we both didn't want it to continue.  Was not professional.  Um, when people say something's mutual, it never is.  But this was mutual.[playing Jan's message] 'I guess I missed you.' I guess I missed you.  So, she misses me?But then she goes on to say 'that will be our only topic of discussion'.  That doesn't mean anything, those are just words.Ok. Yeah, what, what?Ohhh, great.  Well, now I'm in a terrible mood.  Let's do your performance review-Ah, why, that's great news?   That, that, then why would, why would I not like that?Oh, wow, wow.  Alright, let's listen to that again. [plays Jan's message] 'Michael, it's Jan.  I guess I missed you'.Really?God, Stanley, that's frickin' brilliant. How do you know that?  Did you learn that on the streets?  Sorry.No kidding.Good work, Stanley. Great performance review.  Stanley in the house, everybody.  Woo!  Angela, your turn.Yeah?Oh; Angela, you were totally satisfactory this year.Interesting.  Jan is calling me.  Maybe it wasn't so mutual after all. [puts Jan on speakerphone] Yeah?Jan!  To what do I owe this pleasure?Well, hello to you, too.  Um, yeah, I was just um, I just wanted to get some closure on uh, what transpired between us at the meeting we had in the parking lot of the Chili's.Well, surely this uh, review is a formality because of what happened uh, at our meeting in the parking lot of Chili's.Oh.Been thinking about you.Um, I don't see how that's unprofessional. Just-Yep.No.They are not.  Yes, they are. [Jan hangs up]  That's my girlfriend.Pam, I have ideas on a daily basis. I know I do.  I have a clear memory of telling people my ideas.  Um, is there any chance you wrote any of my ideas down?  In a folder?  A 'Michael-idea' folder?That's unfortunate.  How 'bout the suggestion box?  There's tons of ideas in there.The suggestion box that I put out, and people could be put in suggestions anonymously?  Maybe there's prizes?Why don't you find it and tell people to get theirs... never mind, I'll tell them.  Hello, everybody?  Yeah, uh, attention, please.  Jan Levinson's coming, very soon, and so, we're going to have our weekly suggestion box meeting, so you can all get your constructive compliments in a.s.a.p.What did I say?Well, Kelly, that was neither constructive nor a compliment, so maybe you should stop criticizing my English and start making some suggestions. 'K?Hi, Jan.  How are you?Good to see you.Ok. [tries to kiss Jan's hand] Ok, why don't we just step into my office?  We're gonna go in here.Yep, right after you.  Apres-vous. [mouths to Pam] No calls.Alright [takes Jan's coat].It's nice to see you.Really?Oh, well.Alright.Yep.Absolutely.I'm a little confused.  'Cause first it's all like kissy-kissy.  And then it's like all regret.  Because 'Oh, I regret that.'  But, 'Wait, I'm still gonna call you.'  But, but, 'We're just gonna talk business.  And I may come down and fire you if you don't do your job.'  But what were talking about when we first kissed?  Business.No, no, no, I finished all of that.  I'm very fast.  I'm not too fast.  Not like wham-bam-thank ya ma'am.  But I do say thank ya ma'am.  But, I'm, I'm not like wham-bam.  Not that there's anything wrong with wham-bam.  If it's consensual.  [cold Jan stare]  We're talking about office stuff.  Can I ask you a question?This is a business question. It's nothing personal, I promise.Are you wearing a new perfume today?Well, you're wearing it at the office. And [smells Jan] it, I'm sorry, but no offense, but it's really sexy.I don't understand- [phone rings] Hold on.  Sorry. [answers]  Yes, Pam.I'm kind of in the middle of something. I wish you wouldn't interrupt.I did not, not, not use those words.No, it's in like ten minutes.Why are we here?  Because I value your opinions.  Now, I know a lot of don't think that I read your suggestions, but I do.  I just sift through them every week and I really look and scrutinize to see what you guys are writing.  Um, so, let's, uh, just read some of these suckers.  Alright.  Number one: 'What should we do to prepare for Y2K?'Well, obviously this one got stuck in the box. [to Jan] That happens occasionally.And, um, one down.  Next suggestion: 'we need better outreach for employees fighting depression'.  Ok, alright, enough with the jokes.  Nobody in here is suffering from depression.Oh, ok, well, yeah, who wrote it?Tom.  Then it is a joke because there is nobody in here named Tom.Oh, that guy?  That guy was weird.  Alright, next suggestion.Arrr, dooby dooby do. 'You need to do something about your B.O.'Ok, I don't know who this suggestion is meant for, but it's more of a personal suggestion and it's not an office suggestion.  Far be it for me to use this as a platform to embarrass anybody.Well, Toby, if by me you are inferring that I have B.O., then I would say that is a very poor choice of words.Was I, Creed?!  Ok, well, you know what? I am implying is that when we're on an elevator together, I should maybe take the stairs, because talk about stank.  Not that I would ever say something like that in public, and I never have, and I never will. I just think it's something that we should all be aware of.  Ok?  Now that we've learned this, let's continue.  See, this is good, we're learning and we're figuring some stuff out.  'You need to do something about your coffee breath'-Ok.Shut up, shut up, shut up, Dwight, OK. I don't think you people are grasping the concept of the suggestion box.Yeah, is that hard for you?  Alright, well-I'll work on that-Let's keep going.  Keep it going.  Yep.  What do we have here?  We have somebody's piece of gum.  Somebody put a piece of gum in there.  This is not a, a garbage can, this is the future of our company.  This is not a place for gum.  I don't wanna have to read these tomorrow.Yeah, what? Uh, alright, next suggestion.Don't sl-', ok, that's blank [Dwight picks up note] Don't, just put it-I don't understand why you're so upset.Let me ask you-Ok, let me ask you this.Let me ask you something.Where did you get your outfit?I just don't understand why you have to pretend like nothing happened.Look-Oh my God...What do you want Dwight?Ok, great.  Your performance has been adequate.  You may leave; goodbye.You wanna talk now, good; OK, Dwight, leave.Why on earth would we give you a raise?You do?  How do you get in?That is a serious offense. Very serious.  As is toying with a man's heart.Ok, third wheel, why don't you do that?That was deer!? Gross, oh!Oh, did not!What do you say, Jan?Ok. You just, uh, clear your head.That's from Superman?Wait.Wait, wait, wait, come, I just, I just wanna know why?Ok, so you're saying that there is a different time or place?Well, ok, well never as in 'never ever ever', or never as in there's still a chance?I just want to know, from the horse's mouth, what is the dealio?Am I too short?Really?I appreciate that, thank you.No, I wasn't, I didn't cry-So my looks have nothing to do with it?Jan is not in a place where she feels she can have a relationship right now.  And it doesn't matter how great a guy I am.  And that is all I needed; I'm good.  I can go home now.Hey, it's 12:20; where the hell's Dwight?Never missed a day, my ass.Oscar, I'm ready for you.So...Um, you're in accounting...So, good, good, good. Something to work toward, being here more. I'm a big believer in people being here more.All right.Yup.Absolutely.I am not going to discuss anything outside of Dunder Mifflin business, period.' Okay. Now, why would Jan say she only wants to talk business and then make it clear that she is on her period? God, I don't understand women. How about a clear signal, right? Is that too much to ask?Yes, it is.Yes, I did.Hell, yeah.Yeah.What?Kind of, yeah. Over the shirt, my elbow, but...Um, yup, wait, yes.No, there... Later there was.Yes.I didn't, you know, it was... It was dark, for one thing.Let's just push on, shall we?It's next. Just keep it. 'Look on the supply shelf.' What? What is that? All right, Ryan, look on the supply shelf, would you?Okay, yeah.Okay.Okay, field trip's over. Come on. Could we please get back to this?All right, don't break any lands-speed records getting back, okay, Stanley?Christ Almighty.All right, next suggestion.Don't...' Okay, that's blank. Don't. Just...Well...Crystal.How pleasant. You can...Okay, I think we're good.Yeah, that got a little out of control. Jan's taking a break, which is fine. I'm doing the same, just chilling. Getting my mind off of us. She's right. I need to be more professional at the office. When I'm at work, I need to focus on work. I should call her ex-husband.Hello, is this R. Gould? Hi there. My name is Michael Scott, I work at Dunder Mifflin. I believe I work with your wife, ex-wife, Jan. Yeah, that's right, yes. Um... I was wondering if I could ask a personal question about her. Mmm-hmm. Okay, well, could I ask anyway? Uh-huh. Well, I'm just gonna ask. When you guys were dating was she sort of easy to get and then really hard to get?Yeah, that Gould is a real interesting guy, a gem. I can see why he and Jan are no longer together. If my conversation with him is any measure of their relationship, he was verbally abusive, he was curt. He was... He had an inability to communicate, shall I say? He was emotionally unavailable. I don't know how she dealt with that as long as she did.Never...Well, then, Gould wasn't kidding.Nothing, I just...Nothing.No, I did not.Maybe I did. Maybe I  called him, I don't know.I...I didn't do that. I... Maybe he called me.Ex-husband, you have to let it go.What is an office? Is it a group of people? Maybe. Is it an idea? Of course, yes. Is it a living organism? Exactly, yes. And any single cell organism has to have a spine, and that's me. But the spine is always controlled by a brain, and that is Jan. But the brain needs a heart, and that is me again. So ironic. You know what? The heart is smarter than the brain. But the brain is so effing hot.It is Friday morning and it is another beautiful day in Scranton, Pennsylvania.  [sees man in a turban outside] Oh my God. Ohhh. [dials phone number] Pick up, pick up, pick up, pick up.  Oh, we have a serious problem here. [goes out onto office floor] Alright everybody, lock the doors, turn off the lights.  Pretend you're not here.There's no time to think about if this is real.  Just, shh, everybody. [knock at the front door]The IT tech guy and me did not get off to a great start.Yeah, I tried to install it myself, but, uh, you guys have these things so password-protected...Oh...Oh, umm... [looks at Post-It on computer]Yes.AH! Guh-oood.Please don't do that.I can't tell you.I don't have to tell you anything.Dwight, nothing is going to happen to me, ok?  I'm in the best shape of my life.  Look at this. [flexes his arms] Brrr!  That's strong!I'm not going get a brain-Stop it.Uh, oh, ok; if I step on a mine in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and die, you can have my job, ok?  Why don't you just go... away?There are certain things a boss does not share with his employees.  His salary, that would depress them.  His bed, it---  And I am not going to tell them that I'll be reading their e-mails.So how do you search?Try 'profits'.  No! Try 'Michael Scott'.  'Michael' 'boss' and 'funny'. [Sadiq (IT guy) types; result pops up] Oh my God, wow!  [chuckles]  E-mail from Stanley. Stanley,  Terribly nice guy.  [reads e-mail]  'Sorry I didn't write back sooner; I can't go to the game tonight because my boss Michael is an ass and making me stay late.'  Well, Stanley's an ass.  Not one of our harder workers.Oh, no, everybody; Oscar's gone crazy!  What other ghost stories do you have for us?  That I'm a robot? [robot voice]  I will destroy everything in my path-Beep! Bop!Bommmm. Bop! Onk onk.  [Tin Man voice] Oil can. Oil can.Oh, what? No. That defeats the whole purpose.You know what the problem is?The problem is that when people hear the term 'big brother', they immediately think it's scary or bad, but I don't. I think, wow, I love my big brother.Meredith has an E-vite from Jim.  Barbeque at Jim's tonight.  Tonight?  Wonder where my e-vitation is.  Click on guest list.  Angela, Stanley, Oscar, Meredith, Phyllis, Kevin, Creed.  Must be... .[scrolls down list] No.There's always a distance between a boss and the employees.  It is just nature's rule.  It's intimidation mostly, it's the awareness that they are not me.  I do think that I am very approachable, as one of the guys.  But maybe I need to be even approachabler.Of course.  Hangin' with my crew, crew that I am one of.  Hangin' with my Cup of Noodles.  This is a meal in a cup.Hot, tasty.  Reminds me of college.  Lived on this stuff.  Brain food.  Mmmm... You know what I really, really miss about college?  The parties.  Everybody'd go.  The athletes, the, the nerds, professors.Yeah!  They were the most fun.  We always invited them.Hey there.Almost quittin' time.One more hour.  Take care of anything you forgot to do. Hey, you know, I don't know if you have any plans tonight, but if ya don't, we could hang out.You have plans.I do, too. I do, too.I do, yeah. Big plans.Tonight, I can't do it tonight, no.  Improv class, I have improv class, hanging out with my improv buds-Yeah.It's the best.  It's the best.  I would not miss it for the world.  But if something else came up, I would definitely not go.It is. Ok.[someone coughs] What?Hey, Pam.  Do you need me to walk to your vehicular transport?Alright.  Oscar, got big plans tonight with-Kevin, big man, big man, what are you doing tonight?  Where are you off to?Ok, alright.Hey, Angela, rushy, rushy.  Where you rushin' off to?Yeah, well duh.  Where ya headed?Liar!You are a liar.Dwight, oh ho, Dwight, Dwight, my loyal compadre.  You and I are hangin' tonight.  The two of us.  We are celebrating our freedom and our manhood.  You know what?  Why don't we watch that show that you've been wanting to watch, that stupid Battleship Galaxy.That's, whatever stupid show you want-To watch tonightWe're watching it.I didn't know you played soccer, Dwight.You, too, Dwight?[In Horshack voice from 'Welcome Back, Kotter'] Ooo Ooo Ooo Ooo, Mr. Cart-air, Mr. Cart-air.[fake kicks in door] Boom! Detective Michael Scarn.  I'm with the FBI.Think about this; what is the most exciting thing that can happen, on TV, or in movies, or in real life?  Somebody has a gun. [gasps]  That's why I always start with a gun, because you can't top it, you just can't.Boom!  Freeze!  Michael Scoon, FBI.  You know what you did.  Boom! Boom! Boom! [shoots at Pregnant Girl and another actor]  Yeah, you thought that you could get away with your little ruse, didn't you?  Didn't ya!?  Well, you didn't, because I know where ya hid the diamonds.  I been on to you and your little friends for weeks.  [another actor steps in]  Boom! Boom! Boom!Boom! Boom!Boom! Boom!WhyWell, if you hadn't stopped the scene, you would have seen where it was going.Boring.I could of-Ok.Yehhhehh.I'm in.No, no, no.  I'm looking in my wallet for money so you can tell me my fortune.What are you... [whispers to Bill]Nothing.Good, it's good.  Good work, everybody.So Bernie's, huh?  We're all going to Bernie's? [to camera]  Go to Bernie's?Right, right, right.  Well guys, I'd love to go to Bernie's with you, but, you know, I have an office party.  A big office party I need to go to, so...  Can't get out of it.Ok, see you later.  Nice job, Bill.  Not.Wow!  Who opened the morgue for this thing?  I'm just driving by, thought I'd drop in.  [to Jim] There's some wine. I would love a glass, if you're gonna open it.  Here ya go Temp, take my jacket!  [sees Sadiq (IT guy)] Oh, come on! That guy?  He is a good guy, not a terrorist.  Karaoke, I love it!  I am a karaoke fiend.  I call dibs. I got next, I got next up.  Come on, let's get this party started, ha! Ok?  Where's that wine?Ok, yeah, this is a duet, so, need somebody else, Pam?  You wanna come up and sing this one?  Need somebody else.  Takers, please.  [singing]  Baby when I met you there was peace unknown. Kelly?  Tried to get you with a fine tooth comb.  I was soft inside, there was something goin' on.  This part goes to the, uh, girl.  You do something to me that I can't explain.  Hold me closer and I feel no pain.  In every beat of my heart, we got something goin' on.  Tender love is blind---We're making love!Talk! Just talk!Shut up!Funny story: the way that I got into improv was, I got into improv.  The story about me getting into improv was that I was walking down the street, and a race car pulls up, and the guy says 'Hey you're funny, you're the funniest guy I've ever seen, or my name is not Dale Earnhardt.' [giggles]  And that was an improv.  Um, the real way is that I found a flyer.Um...Nope, nope.  I actually wear a turban sometimes.  Wanna see it?Got it right here. [pulls out Karnak turban]Comedy; it's funny.  It's Johnny Carson, Karnak.  It's, um, put it back.  Huhhhh, did you have Johnny Carson in your land?Oh. You were forbidden.Alright, I'm gonna, uhh, get a cup of coffee.  Do you want some coffee er-Or some tea or hummus or something?Should have done this a long time ago.  Tons of personal e-mails, huge time wasters.  Uh, uh huh.  Wow, like Kevin, rating the best bars in Scranton?  Poor Richard's number seven?  Idiot.  Stupid load.  [phone rings]  Yeah.Yeah, I'm busy right now. [hangs up]Here's a helpful suggestion for Jim.  Jim, instead of e-mailing Amazon, to try and get that CD that you didn't receive, I suggest that you go to Visa and tell them to cancel the charge.It's seems like ya did though-Jim.  Lots of e-mails to Amazon, lots of wasted computer space.  Alright, let's get back to work.[moves chair to Jim and Dwight's desks] Ooo, bleh bleh bleh.I don't know.  Just felt like taking it off.  Man, work can be just so damn frustrating don't ya think, Jim?I don't know, same old stuff.  Same old.  Boss just been ridin' my ass.I don't wanna talk about it.  I just wanna hang out, just be one of the guys.That's not the point.Yeah.Ok.Ok yes, I would never do that.Ha.No, this is completely the time, this is perfect time.  This is just guys gently ribbing each other, it's what it's all about, just hangin' out.  Enjoying friends, all being the same.  Worker bees.No, just bees, just bees hanging out, buzzing around.I'm not a master bee.I'm just a bee, Dwight, ok, just a bee, just buzzin'.Five o'clock.  Time to go get my improv on. [drinks]  Little bit of the comedy juice.  Mmm.  Alright, see if you can guess what this is. [roars and flails his arms]  That is a dinosaur getting ready to go to improv class.  Just a taste of the improv.I need to know... who shot Johnson!Shut up!I have a right mind to shoot you right in the head.Just shut up!  I don't wanna hear anything more from you.Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow!  No deal.  Not with Michael Scarn, FBI.  Michael Scarn doesn't make deals.  Michael Scarn shoots and then asks questions later. [blows on his fake gun]She was kind of tripping me up, cause she was, um, I was trying to get something going, when I was over her with the gun, and she like kept changing the story.Well, you kept-Going into nuclear something; that's not where the scene was going.Well, it goes, it goes in the best direction, and that was not the best direction.Well, he, Michael Scarn, that character, orders people around, and that's, you should of just gone-Well...I don't think there's any stronger choice than being a really strong character.Well, it's, like, well, it's, you know, when refine it, refine a character down to its essence,  that's...Exactly, thank you.I appreciate that.Or Ryan Stiles, something like that.You shouldn't have been, 'cause you were dealing with Michael Scarn.  That was exactly what I was hoping to achieve, so that is probably the best thing you could have said, that's a compliment.Good work.I'll just throw out some suggestions.They're in a whorehouse.And he's a proctologist. [to teacher] What?First sentence is: 'I'm a proctologist'.Alright, I'm ready here.Here we are.Oh god.No, no, turn it around.You'll break it.You shove it. Shove it back! Here we go. Don't break the branches, Dwight.All right.Well, suck it up. We all have problems. Hey, everybody, look what we have! [laughs] Nice, huh?On three. Ready? Big, one, two, three.Merry Christmas!Did it work?A, that's what she said, and B, I wanted it to be impressive. The biggest day of the year deserves the biggest tree of the year.Well, that is a perfectly good mini-tree, Kevin. And we are going to sell that to charity. That's what Christmas is all about.[comes into the conference room in a Santa hat and beard]  Merry Christmas! Ho, ho, ho, [points to Ryan] pimp. I'm kidding. What do we got, what do we got? How many plates are we getting?Double it. Double everything. Double ice cream. Double napkins. Double it. On me.It was a tough year. I had to fire somebody this year. This party has to really rock. Check it out. Christmas bonus. 3,000 G's. I got this for helping save the company money. So I guess some good came out of firing Devon after all. Maybe I should call him and tell him that.I want people to cut loose. I want people making out in closets. I want people hanging from the ceilings, lamp shades on the heads. I want it to be a Playboy Mansion party. And also, I want you to spread the word that I will have my digital camera. And I'll be taking pictures all along the way. And the best and craziest thing that happens will be on the cover of the newsletter. Incentive.Yeah, I know. Damn it. Stupid corporate wet blankets. Like booze ever killed anybody.No! No way! It... no.You wanna be Santa?Have you ever seen Santa?Okay.Well, I'm sorry. It just doesn't work.That makes sense because he has elfish features.You get something good this year?Yeah? Who did you have?I think I got something pretty nice for my guy.I spent a lot of dough. Lot of dough. Wow.Yeah. I wanted this party to be really special so I sorta went above and beyond.It was Ryan. Yeah. I have Ryan.All right, let's count it down, like Rockefeller Center. Ready?Not great.No, no. Shake it off, everybody. Just, let's do Secret Santa.Presents are the best way to show someone how much you care. It's like this tangible thing that you can point to and say, 'Hey, man, I love you this many dollars worth.'No, don't!Whoa. Wow. Jeez. Somebody really got carried away with the spirit of Christmas. That was me, I got a little carried away.You don't know that.I did?What? Oh, shoot. Wow. Okay, well, who cares? It doesn't matter what I spent. What matters is that Christmas is fun, right?Oh hey, for me. What is in here? [opens a handmade oven mitt] Oh, come on.An oven mitt? Okay. [walks out]So Phyllis is basically saying, 'Hey Michael, I know you did a lot to help the office this year but I only care about you a homemade oven mitt's worth.' I gave Ryan an iPod.I got it! We are going to turn Secret Santa into Yankee Swap.One person chooses a gift. The next person can either choose a gift or steal that person's gift. If your gift gets stolen, then you can steal somebody else's gift or choose a new gift.Well, I call it fun!Because it's better. Because it's more special.Shut it. No, it's not. Okay, just give it a shot.Okay, Meredith is up first. Here's the deal. You can either pick a new gift or you can steal somebody else's gift that they've already gotten, like the oven mitt.Yankee Swap! That's what makes it fun. Pam, you can steal the oven mitt now.I think this is going great.Everyone wants the iPod. It's a huge hit. It is almost a Christmas miracle.Oh, well, Oscar, you little gourmand, you have the next turn.[holding oven mitt] I hope nobody takes this baby, cause this is great. Wow, look at that fine craftsmanship. Somebody really put a lot of work into that. It's beautiful.Sucker! See, I wanted somebody to take it. Boom! Reverse psychology.Reverse psychology is an awesome tool. I don't know if you guys know about it, but basically you make someone think the opposite of what you believe and that tricks them into doing something stupid. Works like a charm.[opens present] 'In addition to these paintball pellets, your gift includes two paintball lessons with Dwight Schrute.'Who wants to take paintball lessons? How is that better than an iPod?Last gift. Kevin.[after Phyllis leaves suddenly] What is she so upset about?Come on! I think that Yankee Swap was a big hit! I think it's a success and I'm the one who ended up with Dwight's stupid paintball pellets.Well, I didn't. I got a big bonus because I fired Devon, and I used the money to buy something awesome. Sue me!It wasn't. It wasn't that much. It was $3,000.Unbelievable. I do the nicest thing that anyone has ever done for these people and they freak out. Well, happy birthday, Jesus. Sorry your party's so lame.All right, now, you're the expert. Is this enough to get 20 people plastered?Cool, cool. Box it up.Uh-oh. Looks like Santa was a little naughty.This is Christmas spirit, as in spirits, booze.Zip it, Toby! Just .. I mean, it's a party. Come on. If I can't throw a good party for my employees, then I am a terrible boss. Who wants a drink?Go, here we go!Anybody making out in here? [checks hallway] Not yet, give it time. Oh, hey, Ebenezer, boink. [takes picture of Jim] Okay, how's it going in here? [takes picture of Meredith and Kevin]No, no, no, no. We'll find some, don't leave the party.Kudos to Ryan, king of the party committee.Yeah, yeah, yeah.Oh, no, no. No false modesty, my friend.Not bad. And if it couldn't go to Ryan, you are the guy I'd want it to go to.You're welcome.No way. Oh, you're kidding me. Packer! Yes! Todd Packer, ladies and gentlemen!Oh, no, no. Oh look at that. Icing on the cake.Oh, let's fix you up. Who wants to fix up .. Toby. Toby's gonna fix you up.Darryl. There you go. [hands him the Santa hat] You earned it.No, no, no, no. I really, really want you to have it.Hey, Merry Christmas.[coming out of his office] Lampshade on head! It's happening!Yeah, that sounds good.Christmas is awesome. First of all, you get to spend time with people you love. Secondly, you can get drunk and no one can say anything. Third, you give presents. What's better than giving presents? And fourth, getting presents. So, four things. Not bad for one day. It's really the greatest day of all time.Hey, Meredith. Heading over to Poor Richard's?Cool, cool, cool. Do you need a ride? [Meredith drops her top. Michael takes a picture] All right, let's head out. Sounds good. Do you have a coat?Okay!Remember on that animated special when they taught the uh, the monster to put the star on top? That's Dwight. Dwight's the monster that we taught to put the star on top of the tree. You take his teeth out, and he could put the star on top of the tree.Phyllis and Angela and Meredith are helpers. I guess Angela's kind of... Angela's little. Phyllis and Meredith are not little. Pam is sort of a medium helper.Dwight is... Dwight looks like Spock to me. He always wears the ears, and I always give him grief about looking like Spock, and he hates it because he has a different pair of ears that he wears to be Spock, for some reason.Well, thank God you didn't steal my oven mitt. And Oscar, you little gourmand, your turn.Oscar, paint ball pellets.Yeah. Like anybody would want an oven mitt. [Phyllis gets up and leaves the party]See, that's what Christmas is all about to me, is when you see someone open a gift and you think, 'Man, I wish I got that.' I mean, that's just such a great feeling, to watch other people envying a gift that you gave to somebody else. I don't know, it's just... I don't know, just makes you kind of feel good.Hello, everyone.Ah! Ha ha ha!Yeah?Stanley! Bo banley.Banana fana fo fanley.Be my mo manley.Stanley.Maybe. The suspense is just so exciting, isn't it?Maybe, I don't know.Well, no. But... okay, don't spoil it for everybody, all right? But we are going on a booze cruise on Lake Wallenpaupack.It's cheaper.This is not just another party. This is a leadership training exercise. Right? I'm going to combine elements of fun and motivation and education into a single mind-blowing experience.It is now time to unveil the destination of this year's retreat. We are going on a harbor cruise of Lake Wallenpaupack. It's a booze cruise!No. This is mandatory. But don't worry, you know what? You're gonna learn plenty. This is gonna turn your life around, Ryan.Well, this...Yeah?To throw you off the scent.Well, just keep the tags on and you can return it.Well, that's not my fault, okay? Just.. we're not going to pay for a bathing suit. Okay, I know what you're all thinking, 'Who is this smart little cookie?' Her name is Brenda... something, and she is from corporate. And she is here, like you, to learn from what I have to say.I am a great motivational speaker. I attended a Tony Robbins event by the airport last year, and... it wasn't the actual course. You have to pay for the actual course. But it talked about the actual course. And I've incorporated a lot of his ideas into my own course.Leader... ship. The word 'ship' is hidden inside the word 'leadership,' as its derivation. So if this office is, in fact, a ship, as its leader, I am the captain. But we're all in the same boat. Teamwork!Now, on this ship that is the office, what is a sales department? Anyone?Yes, Darryl, the sales department makes sales. Good. Let me just explain. I see the sales department as the furnace.All right, let's not get hung up on the furnace. This just... it's the sales... I see the sales department down there. They're in the engine room, and they are shoveling coal into the furnace, right? I mean, who saw the movie Titanic? They were very important in the movie Titanic. Who saw it? Show of hands!Titanic?No, I'm Leo DiCaprio! Come on!No! Thank you, spoiler alert. You saw the movie, those of you who did. They're happy down there in the furnace room. And they're dirty and grimy and sweaty, and they're singing their ethnic songs, and... actually, that might be warehouse.The... no, no. No, I didn't... okay. Well, okay, in a nutshell, what I'm saying is... leadership. We'll talk more about that on the boat. Ship.[singing] A three-hour tour, a three-hour tour.Pam, you are Mary Ann! We have the Professor and Ginger, welcome aboard. Angela, you are Mrs. Howell. Lovey. [to Kelly] Uh... the native. Sometimes they come from neighboring... [to Stanley] We have one of the Globetrotters, I am the Skipper, and Dwight, you will be Gilligan.I'd rather die. Hi, I am Michael Scott, I am the captain of this party.Okay.In an office, when you are ranking people, manager is higher than captain. On a boat, who knows? It's nebulose.Hey, look! I'm king of the world!And I am the regional manager of Dunder-Mifflin, Michael Scott. Welcome, welcome!Okay! So...Right.But don't worry, you are not going to be needing life preservers tonight.I'm your party captain too! And you are gonna put on your dancing shoes later on! So we are gonna...Rock it!If the boat's a-rockin', don't come knockin'!Yep.We're all gonna have a good time tonight!Hm? Okay. Yep.Having fun?Good. Well, that is what Scranton is all about. Not like you New Yawkers.Well, we already sort of started it back at the office and on the dock with the Gilligan thing, so... right now, I was thinking. Yes. Okay, listen up all you Dunder-Mifflinites! I would like to talk to you all about life preservers. Now, one important life preserver in business is IT support.So, okay.But before that, I have to do my presentation.All right, we'll have a motivational dance contest! Hit it! Yeah, okay, dancing! It is a primal art form used in ancient times to express yourself with the body and communicate!Sometimes you have to take a break from being the kind of boss that's always trying to teach people things. Sometimes you have to just be the boss of dancing.Ah! See, this is of general interest. It is about priorities and making decisions, using the boat as an analogy. What is important to you? If the boat is sinking, what do you save?No, no. Salesmen and profit centers.Okay, well, obviously you don't know anything about leadership.Okay.Not what I was looking for, but a good thought.I don't want to take credit for this, but Roy and I were just having a conversation about making commitments and making choices. Right? Did I motivate you?Well... could have been either one of us, because we were pretty much saying the same thing.  Congratulations. That is great!Yes! I can marry you as regional manager of Dunder-Mifflin!Then I'll give you away!Captain Jack is a fart face. I'm on medication.Vomicillin. Okay. All right. It's time to be boss. It's time to motivate. Let's blow some minds here. Okay, guys, guys, cool it. Everybody, Dunder-Mifflin Scranton employees, Brenda, I have some very, very urgent news I need to tell everybody right now. Listen up. The ship is sinking! Okay? We're going down, right now. Just wrap your heads around the reality of that. Shh, please! Everybody, it's my turn now, okay? Captain Jack is gone. In five minutes, this ship is going to be at the bottom of the lake! And there aren't enough spaces on the lifeboat! Who are we gonna save? Do we save sales? Do we save customer service? Do we save accounting? This is a business scenario. Right? It's a scary... it's a...It's a predicament, and it's something that each and every one of us has to think about.I'm in the brig. See? The boat's not as corporate-friendly as advertised. What was the deal with the guy jumping overboard? What was... if he had just waited and heard what I had to say, he would be motivated right now and not all wet.Is somebody there?Captain Jack has a problem with authority.He just totally lost it. If you ask me, he caused the panic.Well, it's nice for you. Your friend got engaged.Roy said the first one didn't count.Really? You're kidding me. You and Pam? Wow. I would have never have put you two together. You really hid it well. God! I usually have a radar for stuff like that. You know, I made out with Jan...Yeah? Yep. Well, Pam is cute.Well, if you like her so much, don't give up.BFD. Engaged ain't married.Never, ever, ever give up.It's a fake wheel, dummy.[knocking] Yeah.Hello.Of course, yeah, yeah, yeah.Have a seat.Oh, every man's dream.Two ladies at once. What? Why are you looking at me like that? Okay, you heard something. Um, yeah, it's a booze cruise, but it... There's more to the story than that. It...Leadership off-site. Uh, booze cruise is just a rhyme...Yeah, I don't even know why I said booze cruise. I don't even think there's booze on the boat.Of course.Of course, of course. Yes. Yes. Look, I have a whole program planned. Jan, this program is going to change people's lives. I am going to be dropping serious knowledge all over the boat.Hello.Oh, cool. Cool. And maybe you could attend tonight and then you could stay over at my house for the night. Awkward. That's... You know what. Brenda, could Jan and I have a moment alone?Really? You seriously said that? Okay. Brenda, could Jan and I have a moment alone?Thanks.Oh, okay.I'll see you later.I'll call you later.That's like...I'll call you, too. [to Brenda] So. You are probably gonna get carded, so I can make you a fake ID. We have a laminating machine.What is a sales department? Oscar, what do you think?I'm not giving you the answer. Deck hands is one. And...No, I'm first mate. You're second mate. I'm first mate, as the captain.Well, the anchor is the only thing that kind of slows the ship down. Toby is the anchor. Oh, God. He, well... [to Brenda] Tell you about Toby later, he's awful.Oh, hey, Toby. So... It's an analogy.[Toby running to get on the cruise] Hey! What's wrong with you? You missed the boat.Idiot.No, no, no. That's his punishment for not being here on time. Too bad, anchor!Your problem now, Captain Jack.Hey. You know what the best way of studying is?Flash cards.You are gonna get seasick if you keep reading in here.That is a great way to kill this party. Not on my watch. Let's, uh,... Let's rock. Let's rock some stuff here, okay? [playing badly] Okay... I'm hearing a little too much reverb. [feedback echoing] Can we down the reverb? All right. Follow my lead. [playing Smoke on the Water] Does you guys know that? Take the bass. Take the drums. What?You know what? I don't think it's in...That's not in tune. I don't know if you can......make much of out of it, Creed. Good luck to you. I don't know. It is a defective ax, my friend.Good luck.Those slide moves are just bush league. I hope I die before I'm old.Yeah! Toast!That's my line! That's my line, That's... I always say that at weddings. So I'll just think of something else to say. I... [band starts playing]Hey, Jim. You got a hat?Thanks.Pam! It's Michael.  Help me!  I need help right now.I'm hurt, I have hurt myself.  Oh my God!Ungh, this is not looking good Pam!No, I want you to pick me up.I am hurt. I hurt my foot.I want to come to work.  But I need you to come and pick me up. [Jim lunges across Pam's desk and puts Michael on speakerphone]OH GOD!Oh God!OK, buhhhh, I burned my foot very badly on my Foreman Grill and I now need someone to come and bring me into work.I enjoy having breakfast in bed.  I like waking up to the smell of bacon, sue me.  And since I don't have a butler, I have to do it myself.  So, most nights before I go to bed, I will lay six strips of bacon out on my George Foreman Grill.  Then I go to sleep.  When I wake up, I plug in the grill, I go back to sleep again.  Then I wake up to the smell of crackling bacon.  It is delicious, it's good for me.  It's the perfect way to start the day.  Today I got up, I stepped onto the grill and it clamped down on my foot... that's it.  I don't see what's so hard to believe about that.Pam, could you come get me?!Ok, could someone come and get me please, Ryan?There's no toilet paper here.  Could Ryan... tell Ryan to bring toilet paper.  Could you tell 'em that?I tried hopping, Kevin, and I bumped my elbow against the wall and now my elbow has a protruberance.[panicked] No one wants to pick me up!?I'm not sick! I'm burned!Don't... is that Dwight?  I do not want Dwight.I don't want Dwight!I don't have a girlfriend.It was all made up.  Just someone come, ok?  Anyone.  Anyone but Dwight.Hellooo? ... Please don't send Dwight!Morning everyone.  Don't freak out. I forbid anybody to freak out.  Clearly, I have had a very serious accident, but I will recover, God willing.  I just want to be treated normally today.  Normal would actually be good, considering the trauma that I've been through.Did you explain why?Burned my foot, Pam.Please stop popping my cast.  Thank you.Ha ha ha.  So where are you shipping...Thank you.  Pam, messages please?Really, well, it, uh, seemed very important to you earlier that you needed to stay and...No, your job is being my friend, Pam.  OW! God!What?I don't want any special treatment, Pam. I just want you to treat me like you would some family member who's undergone some sort of serious physical trauma.  I don't think that's too much to ask.No, I don't want some aspirin, yeah I'm a little fussy.  Aspirin's not gonna do a damn thing.  I'm sitting here with a bloody stump of a foot.What?  Part of your duties are to what?You just said 'part of your duties are to' something.Yes, you did.  What is wrong with you?Where is my cornbread?Thank you.  Did you get all dark meat like I like?Where are the yams?Did you go to the one in Stroudsburg?And they had no yams?How strange.  Because they always have yams.Pam... PAAAM!?Come here please.I want you to rub butter on my foot.Pam, please?  I have Country Crock.Uh, ow.  Ryan! ... Ryaaaaan ... RYYYYAN!No, nope, no one is helping me out at all Mom.  No, I'm not gonna call Jan.  She'd just worry... drive down here and make a big thing... Who told you that?  No, it was mutual.  What is Pam doing chatting with you?[loud noise in bathroom] No! Guh! OW! Awww, help, help me!I fell off the toilet.  I'm caught between the toilet and the wall.Ugh, not you.  Someone else.  Get Pam.Get Ryan.  He needs to lift me. [Ryan shakes his head] and he needs to clean me up a little bit.  Bring a wet towel.No, he's not.I just saw him.Ugh, forget it.  I'll just get up myself.  No!  Uh, aaaahhh!  Ah!  Oh God!Can I have everyone's attention please?  Phyllis, Oscar, Ryan, who's supposed to be dead, can I ask you all a question?  Do you all know what it's like to be disabled?  Oscar?No, never heard of it.  No, aWuh, how, how old are you? Look, the point is, I am the only one here who has a legitimate disability, although I'm sure Stanley has had his fair share of obstacles.Ok, [lifts up cooked foot] what does this look like to you Stanley?!Shuuut it, ok, well, well you know what, disabilities are not things to be laughed at or laughed about.  You people are jerks.  Imagine if you had left Stevie Wonder on the floor of that bathroom instead of me.[sigh] I burned my foot!!!  Ok, twenty minutes, conference room, everybody's in there!While we are waiting for our special guest to arrive, I wanted you all to take a look at a few of the many, many disabled icons who have contributed so much to our society.Good question.  Forrest Gump: mentally challenged, Philadelphia [points to a picture from Big]: AIDS.I don't think so, no.He grew into a man overnight.  Rare disability, still works. [sigh] A crossword puzzle Stanley, seriously, are you learning nothing here?What you mean uh hmmm... ?Ok.Yes, right in here, come on in.This, ladies and gentlemen, is our special guest.You are so brave. You are so brave.But it's hard for you! Right? Because you're in a wheelchair.Let me ask you something, how long does it take for you to do something simple, every day, like brush your teeth in the morning?Oh my God, that's three times as long as it takes me.How did you get in your wheelchair?Hey, hey, hey, not funny! Not funny.Well, that's good, he still has a sense of humor.Well they notice it.  Don't you?  You notice it.  It's the first thing you saw when he rolled in here, isn't it?Ok...Ignore him.  You know what?  We're not that different, you and I.  When I clamped my foot into a non-stick...Yeah...Ok.Did you see Born on the Fourth of July?  I was under the impression that Billy would be more like that guy.[popping his bubble wrap cast] Hey!You did it!  Look at you, and with the plate and the napkin.  Very nice.  Thank you, Ryan.Did you get the yams?[sigh] Ok, I'll just have the pudding.Yeh.You know what?  I feel better.  Ryan brought me some chocolate pudding and his kindness healed my foot.Yeah, baby, I am feelin' better.  My body's literally healing itself.  It is amazing what the human body is capable of when you have a powerful brain.Uh, finally feel the blood coursing through my foot veins.Oh, now you feel some compassion for him.Why don't you go with him?I can't take you, I don't have my car and yours is all vomity.Oh, ok, that's, great.  No, I can't drive.  Jim why don't you drive.We'll go.  I'm still recovering. So let's just, Ryan, could you get my coat please.Shotgun!The rules of shotgun are very simple and very clear.  The first person to shout 'shotgun' when you're within the sight of the car gets the front seat.  That's how  the game's played.  There are no exceptions for someone with a concussion.Oh, God, a mini-van.  What is Meredith's problem?Well, yeah she has one kid, no husband.  She's not gonna find one driving this thing around.Chuck E. Cheese?  Oh, God, I'm so sick of Chuck E. Cheese.I know, just sayin'.Dwight, what are you drinking?Give it to me.Dwight... [to Jim] You just keep your eyes on the road. [to Dwight]  Give me the bottle or you're fired.Give it to me Dwight.Give me the bottle!!Gimme the bottle, Dwight!Just give it!Stop, stop it! Stop spraying! [Dwight whines] Gimme the bottle!Stop spraying me!  Gimme the bottle!Dwight, what is your middle name.[sigh] Something with a 'K'.What do I write under 'reason for visit'?Nothing.  I wrote 'bringing someone to the hospital'.No... you know what Jim, this isn't about me anymore.  I made a miraculous recovery, which is more than I can say for him. [Dwight falls towards Jim]Hi Dwight.Doctor, what is more serious, a head injury or a foot injury?Well, you don't have all the information. The foot as been fairly severely burned and healed quickly, very quickly, actually like suspiciously quickly.Look since you have the machine up and running, can I just stick my foot, we take a look?Ok, what kinda machine is that?That's my joke, damnit Dwight.It's ok, they're with me.Alright, well, I guess this is where we leave you off.Uh, well you should of thought of before you crashed your head on your way to pick me up.  We'll, see you when you get out.Fine. Fine.Uh, that's what she said.  See, haven't lost my sense of humor.  No, no need, it was a non-stick grill.I always keep a stash of bubble wrap at my house.  Some days, hectic, tiring days, I just like to go home and zone out and click on the tube and pop a few.  Very soothing.  [to the interviewer] Want to try?Right, I'm gonna spend the day in the hospital, bujehh.  Bureaucracy and germs.Yes, so, no thank you.What?Wow, I don't want to hear... you talk.  Pam, could I have a word with you in my office?  [stumbling] Oh, oh, oh.  Alright.Yeah, I've been sayin that.Did you know I used to be in HR?I used to be in HR.  I was a Hell raiser.Right? [laughs]Alright. Movin' on.Ry-an.  You're here.  Whatcha got, whatcha got?  Alright, Panic Room, Maverick, Nell, Sommersby, The Accused.  Where's Little Man Tate?Oh come on.Oh man.  It's not a Jodie Foster afternoon without Little Man Tate, buddy.Mmm, I'm telling you the best cure in the world is comfort food.  You know how they say 'stuff a cold'?  Well I don't care you've got, the flu, Lyme disease, emphysema, you eat an entire dark meat chicken, you can walk on the moon.No.No, I'm not calling your weirdo cousin.  Twenty-seven years old, never left the beet farm.Guh-od.Ok, I'll stand near you.Next-ish.Shh shh shh shh.No. Do you?Ah, ah, ah, what? What? Where's the funny? Give it to me.What's up-dog?Oh, oh, wow! I walked right into that. Oh, that's brilliant!Hey, Stanley, is that jacket make of up-dog?Mmm, what flavour coffee is that?  Up-dog?I don't know, nothin', what's up with you?[low] No, damn it!What does what mean?Just forget it.Dwight! Hey is it me or does this place smell like up-dog?Gotcha! [laughing] Oh, God. [low] Crap! Nothin' how ya doing?[low] Damn it.Today is spring cleaning day here at Dunder Mifflin. And yes I know its January. I am not an idiot. But, if you do your Spring cleaning in January; guess what you don't have to do in the spring?  Anything.  They say a cluttered desk means a cluttered mind.  Well I say that an empty desk means a...No, that's not... no, that's not what I was going to say.Yes.On a Friday? [Dwight nods]I will do all the talking.What difference does it make whether your here?Hi, Oscar its Michael.Yechh, yeah, um, heard you were under the weather?Really? Oh, that is a shame.  You know it's cleaning day here today? Could have used some of that famous Hispanic cleaning ethic.What are your symptoms?Umm, hmmm.I need you to go back to bed. I need you to get better. See you Monday.  Unless you're still sick.  So have a great long weekend.He sounded sick.That's exactly what I was thinking.Yeah. Drop what you're doing. Make this a priority. Because an office can't function efficiently unless people are at their desks doing their jobs.Wowweee. Mikey likey. Why don't you wear your hair like that all the time.  It's much sexier. [Pam puts hair back up] [Michael walks by Jim] Man, this must be torture for you.Hey Jim-bag.Really?Who else knows?Wow!Jim and I are great friends. We hang out a ton, mostly at work. But, the fact that he told me his secret and no one else knows says everything about our friendship.  And it is why, I intend on keeping that secret for as long as I possibly can.My lips are sealed. [singing] My lips are sealed... Bangles.[singing] Can you hear me, they talk about us...Hey, whatcha gettin'?Ah, good stuff, good stuff. Did you see the game last night?Any of em?  So, uh, what's the 411? Any news on the 'P' situation?P-A-M. P-ANo it's okay, we're talking code.Listen Stanley. How long does it take you to pick out a soda?Alright, well, cool. [Michael walks by Jim] Still deciding?[Michael presses a button for Stanley] Peach iced tea. You're going to hate it.It's Grrrrrrape! Soda.Not so much.Nothing.Fact: I love grape soda. I always have. Fact: Jim and I talk all the time. We tell each other secrets.Um, I don't know, yeah, yeah, yeah it is.Ok.Good.Whooo, nice. That was, that was slick.  What are you doin' for lunch?Oh nonsense [lifts leg and puts it on Jim's desk], no way, no. Why don't, why don't I take you out to lunch? My treat.Hey you know what we could do? We could spread out a blanket in the break room.  Have a little picnic order some 'za. Talk about you know who.I know just he place.[at Hooters] Oh man, you should order milk. Get it?Why do I like Hooters? Well I will give you two reasons, the boobs and the hot wings.Oh, here we go, here we go. Bogy at 3 o'clock. Hi.We're not worthy. We're not worthy. Hello Dana, I am Michael and this is Jim and we are brothers.I'm his boss actually.  And I treat him well. I'm taking him out to lunch cause I can afford it and he can have whatever he wants.Tell me Dana, how is your chicken breast?Mmmm, sounds yummy.  I will have a chicken breast hold the chicken. [Giggles]No, I'm gonna have the gourmet hot dog.What do you like best about Pam?Is it her boobs, or...Really?Never get's any of my jokes.Her boobs, definitely.Oh, thank you.Ohhh happy birthday Jim!Woo! Yeah!Thank you very much.Hilarious. Hey.Just go to his house and see if he's sick. I could have done this Investigation in like twenty minutes.Just do it.[Michael messes up hair to look like Jim's] Expenses.No. It's... I wear it like that sometimes. Is that a wig?Yeah, it's a business lunch.No he did not. I don't need his permission.Uhhh it's ridiculous. They took my card away because I spent $80 bucks at a magic shop. What they don't understand is that I bought the stuff to impress potential clients. So business related, right?I put a cigarette through a freakin' quarter.  And you know what Toby? They almost bought from us.Look Jim needed a relaxing lunch, he has been depressed and it has been affecting his productivity.  How is that not work related?You're not his friend, you don't know. He is in love with a girl he works with who's engaged.  So just cut me some slack. Please?You know what Kevin? Jim is a friend of mine, so the only people that this crush really concerns is Jim and Pam... and me.I know, I know, I know.I, oh, just, um, I know I was trying to, expense reports. And then God, Toby, you know he just... I know. I'm just, I just hope that, I just hope that [starts to get choked up] this doesn't affect our friendship! Stupid, this is so stupid.Ok, I'm fine, no I know, I'm good, I'm good, it's just.Yeah I'm good.Yeah I'm fine. Look, about you and Jim.No, I feel it's my responsibility as your boss slash friend.It wasn't that long ago. It was on the booze cruise.Yehhh, okay, shuuttt it Michael. I'm done. That's it. I'm out.People are always coming to me. 'Michael, I have a secret.  Your the only one I trust.' No thanks, because keeping a secret can only lead to trouble. Like I was watching Cinemax last weekend.  This movie, Portrait of a... Prostitute something. Secrets of a Call... More Secrets of a Call Girl. And the lead character, Shila, is framed for murder. She goes on the run and winds up working at a bordello in Malibu. I don't, I don't want to live like that. I like it here. I don't want to be Shila, I like being Michael Scott.Hello. Pammy want a cracker?Oh, Pam with the dirty talk. [laughs]Oh!No, he meant to put it right next to the hole, that's much harder to do.No, no, no, no. I don't want to chip my mug. Please get that off the floor. [sets mug on the edge of Michael's desk]All right. Jack Nicholson for birdie.It's a celebrity tournament.Do you see it?Do you feel it?[mug falls off Michel's desk and smashes on the floor] God... damn it, Dwight! That's great.[pulls a brand new mug out of his desk door] That won't be necessary.Look at all them out there, my little worker bees buzzing away.No, I am the King bee,No, King is higher. Then Ace. I am the Ace bee.Keep. I will finish that later.Yeah, I know when it's from, Ryan.Yeah, I rushed a few fraternities, but you know what? I don't believe in paying for friendships. So, I made a decision not to accept any offers. And fortunately none were made. Which was good, so nobody's feelings got hurt.Thank you, Dana.Keep the change. Here you go buddy, happy birthday.You're welcome.No, no, no, no. I have the long sleeve. And actually, you know what we should do? We should wear them tomorrow to work, it'll be hysterical.Okay, Tuesday. Whenever. You'd better try it on, make sure it fits.Spamster!Hamster.Welcome back!  How was your vacation?Yeah?Did you get lucky?  Oh!  Boink!I am Pam.  Spicoli guy.  Oh, God.  Names, numbers.  Okay. [walking into office] Whoa!  God!  Yuck, yuck.  Yuck.  Yuck!Wow!  What happened in there?There is stink in there, my God!  What is... what is that?Is it a bird?Oh, God!  How could that happen?  How could... right in the middle of the carpet.Um, somebody vomited right in the middle of the carpet in my office.Check it out.Check it out.  Don't be a wuss, just get... no, I'm not holding your coffee.What is it?What is it?  No, just tell me what it is.I cannot believe a pipe burst and left that in there.How do you know that?  What is it, then?[as cleaning lady with mask leaves] Here she comes.  All cleaned?  Great. [walks into office]That is worse.[while in his reeking office]  I am a big Fear Factor fan.  I'm a big fan of anything Joe Rogan does, actually, so this is sort of like my audition tape.  Um... [clearing throat]   I can't stand it [gets up to leave], I can't stay in here another second.  No![sitting at Jim's desk]  Hey Jim.  I thought that we would be desk buddies while they changed my carpet.Oh... It's ...[reluctantly] Yeah ...No, no, no!  Seriously, I don't mind sharing.[putting his feet on desk] Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Old bullpen.Don't ape me.This is great.The pressures of my office are insane.I just... you couldn't understand, but man, you guys have it so easy out here, you know?  I used to sit right here.Yeah.Ed Truck. [exclaiming is disgust]  Ed Truck was the manager before me.  Horrible.  He hated fun.  It was like, 'Oh, Ed Truck is walking toward us.  Stop having fun.  Start pretending to do work.'  What a jerk.  He's... You know what?  I swore to myself that if I ever got to walk around the room as manager, people would laugh when they saw me coming and would applaud as I walked away.You know who used to sit at that desk?Mm-mm.  Todd Packer.Yeah.He was, but, uh... that desk was empty.  He'd come in and sit there sometimes.When I was in training, many years ago... not so long ago... I worked side-by-side with a fellow named Todd Packer, and together we rocked the office [picture behind Michael falls].  Packer and I once spent the whole day with our pants off, and when people noticed, we convinced them thatI will gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today.Oh, a customer, well, sound the alarm. [laughs] Okay.Another time, Packer held this guy's head in the toilet for like a minute.  Guy had no sense of humor about it.  Probably why he wasn't hired.Charley horse!Charley horse!Oh, okay.  Gah.Once, as a joke, Packer banged every chick in the office. [giggles]  It was hysterical.[whispering] Dwight.Let's send up Accounting.Old fashioned raid.  Sales on Accounting.  Yeah.  Follow my lead.Hey guys.Ahem.  What's up?Yeah! Oh ho ho [laughing]No, no, no, no.  We don't do that.  We don't do that.Watch out, Pam. You're next!Maybe!Why would somebody ruin a perfectly good carpet?  I don't know.  It could be done out of hate.  It could be done out of love.  It could be completely neutral.  Maybe somebody hates the cleaning lady.  And, well, she doesn't do a very good job, obviously, because my office still reeks like you would not believe.  I hate her.You know what?  I am beginning to think that what happened to my carpet was an act of terrorism against the office.  The only thing that makes any sense.Stop.Stop it. [Dwight hangs up] Stop.  It.  [Dwight beings to dial] Don't.  Don't.All right.Hi, guys.I'm just walking around.Well, yeah.Oh, and I'm not?  Why would you say that? Because I'm having fun?  You guys just are workin' for the weekend, aren't you?  I'm workin' for the week.  Sales team, listen to me.  This is what we're gonna do.  I'm gonna up the ante a little bit literally.  Right here, I'm gonna put a crisp one hundred dollar bill.  The person with the most sales at the end of the day gets to keep the cash.  Sound good?[counting cash] Seventy, eighty, one, two three.  Eighty-three dollars.  Still a lotta money and I'm going to ... [moves money after seeing workmen walk by] ... I'm gonna leave it right over here where everybody can see it.  I will be taking Jim's clients today because he is not here and out of sight, out of the contest.  Let's see who winds up with the cash, shall we?Oh, it is on, Phyllis, it is so on!God, this is gonna be fun.[on phone] So you have 40 boxes going out, and I will deliver those personally in a Sebring.  Very good, nice doing business with you.  Thank you. [hangs up] Yes! [chuckles] Oh, yeah!  Read it and weep.  Oh!  Oh, look at that! [puts post-it on Phyllis' forehead]  Look at me, Phyllis!  Oh, what is that?  That's my sale! [humming then dancing victoriously][stops dance] Nothing.No.  Just ...You know what, guys?  It's none of your concern.  It was official business, so just...Yeah, paper business.  Is this done?Extreme Home Makeover puts together a house in an hour.  If you were on that crew, you would be fired like that. [snaps]This was no act of God.  A person did this.  A person who works in this office.  Maybe all of them.You know what?  Today is not a good day for a sales contest.  We're... we're not... we're not doin' this today.You wanna talk about fair?  Does anyone need to smell my old carpet?  You explain to me how that was fair, and I'll explain to you how this is fair.  Plus I just... I think that picking today was sort of taking advantage.I am a victim of a hate crime.  Stanley knows what I'm talkin' about.Well I hated it!  A lot!  Okay, I... you know what?  If the guilty person would just come forward and take their punishment, we'd be done . [no one comes forward]  Very well.  Then you are all punished.You're all on a time out.  Just sit there quietly. [phone rings, Phyllis reaches to answer]  No.  NO!  [phone continues to ring]Do you remember Ed Truck?How would I know?My biggest fear is turning into him.[sighs]  I wasn't talking literally, Creed.  Yeah, being buried alive would be worse. Happy?  Why am I talking to you?[meeting Ed Truck in parking lot] Ed?  Hi.  Thanks for meeting me.  Must be kinda neat comin' back.Uh, well, honestly Ed, I really don't wanna be up there right now.Oh, no, no, no.  You're good.  It was clerical.  You're good.  Um, well, somebody did something in my office, and I now think that they did it on purpose and it was directed at me.I didn't get a good look at... it, but it smells horrible.Really?Well, that figures.  So how did you deal with people not liking you?Well... s-sure I can.Not necessarily.  You can love a boss like you do a father.Well, okay.  Different management styles.Last week I would have given a kidney to anyone in this office.  I would have reached right into my stomach and pulled it out for them.  But now, no.  I don't have the relationship with these people that I thought I did.  I hope they ask, so they can hear me say, 'Uh... no. I only give my organs to my real friends.  Go get yourself a monkey kidney.'[on phone] Yes.Who is this?  How did you get this number?Oh my God.  Packer.  Packster.  Whacky Pack.  How you doin'?Uh... no.  Did anybody see a package here today?  No.  How big was it?Really?Did you see a big package?  Where did you leave it?Really?  Guys, did you see a big package in my office?Are you kidding me?  Oh!That was Packer!  Oh, you're... you are dead.  You are dead, my friend!  That is hilar... Oh, God!  Of course it was you.Oh.  [laughs and claps] Yeah, yeah!  Oh my God.  It was Packer!It takes an advanced sense of humor.  I don't expect everybody to understand.  It was done out of love, just like I thought.  It's ah... God, these people are so... these are good people.  We have fun. [giggles] We just have fun!  Oh, I'm just so sorry that I threw the thing out.[on the phone] Okay, that quantity of cotton fiber will cost you... my screen disappeared. I know. I will click on the bottom and... Yes. I'm getting one of those little hourglass things. Used to have a price chart on the wall, now it's a little hourglass thing with an arrow next to it. Now it's just an hourglass thing. Uh-huh, yeah, well, or I can call you back. Okay.What's going on? Anything here?Yes, yes. What yes? A sale or a lead or...Ah. Small?Huge?Would you say the sale that I made earlier was huge or...What was that?You call that a sales call? My God, what have they been teaching you?Yeah, well, did I teach you to roll over like a submissive dog?No, I did not.Exactly, ask me, which you did, so, tell a joke.Do you know a joke?Call a client right now.And tell him the joke.Strike while the iron's hot. A joke always works.Just sell it.Give me the phone.Give me the phone.Tell him. Tell him that your supervisor is on the line.The old one two. Let's do it.[on the phone] Hey Howard. Michael Scott here. Yeah, sorry about that. Dwight is an idiot. I know. No, he's a little... Little dim. He's the janitor's brother, so...[on the phone] Uh-huh? Yeah. Well, you know, like in a fast food restaurant, just to be nice they hire somebody who can't even find their way to work? That is Dwight.[on the phone] What can we do to help you out? You know what? I have a discount. Today and today only, on lightweight copier paper.[on the phone] Uh-huh, yes, I can do that. Absolutely! Perfect. Oh, I'm glad it timed out that way.I really thought these people were my friends. My best friend since kindergarten, Elliot, that's a friend. Best friend ever. I should call him. Wonder where he lives.[knocks] Hey, what's going on?Yeah... I... You know what... I... I... I just thought about it. I just have a few things I want to say.Hold... Just hear me out. What is more important than Quality? E-Quality. Now studies show that today's woman, the Ally McBeal woman, as I call her, is at a crossroads...No, just uh... you have come a long way, baby.  But I just... just want to keep it within reason.They did this up in Albany...And they ended up turning the break room into a lactation room which is disgusting so...Well, I'm their boss, so I feel like...[stands up] Anybody want any coffee or...Women in the workplace... yeah, translation 'I have been banned from my own conference room so that Jan can talk in secret to all the girls.' Oh! Sorry. 'Women of the workplace.' About what? I don't know. Clothes. Me. Eeegkh!Everyone. Guys. Circle up, please. Come on over. Bring your chairs. Toby, come on over. You're a guy... too... sort of. Let's do this![in the background] Well, first of all, I, uh, just want to warm up a little bit. Let's just clap.Let's just clap. Ready? [clapping] Yeah! Yeah!That's what I'm talking about!Just having a little 'guys in the workplace' thing.Why can't boys play with dolls? Why does society force us to use urinals when sitting down is far more comfortable?We have nowhere else Jan. This...OK, OK, Fine. Yeah, actually, perfect. Perfect. You know what? There's another side to this place, gentleman. And I know we all love our cushy jobs and our fun, exciting office. But do you realize that underneath us, there's another world. The warehouse world. A world that is teeming with sweat and dirt and life. Life. The bowels of the office. These guys are down there, they are real men doing real man's work. We are going to learn how a warehouse works.Oh, I think it's going to work out great. Because managing the warehouse is a very important part of my job. And I haven't been there in months.So let's meet the warehouse! Let's get some shots. Pan around there. This is Darryl, one of our warehouse staff. Darryl, what is your biggest fear?You know, Darryl is actually the Foreman here and not Roy, which is cool. There's Roy riding the big rig. So Roy is actually going to be marrying Pam sometime this summer. And... uh, she's our receptionist. Sort of a Brangelina thing.Brangelina is the Brad Pitt and Angelina... Roy...Roy and Pam. It's a Ram. It's a Ram thing.[points at math equasion on chalkboard] Uhhuhhuh. Just in case there's someone down here who shouldn't be. A little 'Good Will Hunting' situation. All right. Troops. This is an important day. Big day. Now you may look around and see two groups here. White collar. Blue collar. But I don't see it that way. And you know why not? Because I am collar-blind.Oh... well... okay... yeah, you know what? I don't think... You.. You're... My job sucks compared to this. I don't think you'd like it up there.Guys! Want to start unloading the truck?Check this out! Look at that! Look at that [squeezes blow-up doll] bwup-bwa! [talks in girly voice] Hello! How are... [regular voice] Oh! Kay. That is great. That is good stuff.Hey, you're going to, going to hurt yourself.Stand clear.I'm fine, I'm fine. I'm fine.Oh, oh, oh!  We'll get somebody to clean that up.We ought to have this thing serviced.So! Guy's gripe session. Here we are. Now, we definitely live in different worlds but we have a lot in common. We even like the same girls, some of us. That's going to happen, you know. We're guys, so...No, why? Why would I... ? You could...Stay or...Let's start with the Warehouse. What bothers you as guys, you know?OK.OK, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah shhh...I... That was just...I was breathing.I hate shushing. You know, that's the thing! What the... ok... what is our beef as human men.OK. Alright. Good. Guys ragging on each other. That's what guys do... and we love it.I feel you.Yes.Ah, you do. So...I know. God! What is that?It blows. It blows, man. Gah...No. Whoa, whoa. Yeah.You know what? Is that necessary? Because you already sorta have a union... of guys.Dockworker's?Yeah. You know what? I think the problem is the chicks.The problem is the chicks. And you gotta blame them.Yeah-es.[knocks] This is important. Ladies, take a breather. Jan, I uh wanna... Can I help you? Um... I wanted to say that the guys downstairs are thinking about forming a union. And they have some good points...Don't get hysterical.Part of my job is knowing how to talk to women.Let's... be... rational... here. What are the pros? What are the cons?Don't talk to me that way please. Just... they're going to want to hear this from you.But we're bonding down there!I mean I just don't want to have to tell them something they're not going to want to hear.Ok. Come on Jan. After all we've been through...We have a history......between us.I won'tI'm just saying we have something... Ok. Whatever.Cold front coming into the Warehouse. Uh oh! Better put on your ski boots! Woohoohoowoo. Waaaah! Happy New Year, Darryl! Hey,Darryl. You ever done this?Hi.Yuh, yuh, yes! I... I have essentially...I have essentially. Yes. I've taken some...I'm just going to put this over there.You did uh... okay.Pizza. Great equalizer. Rich people love pizza.  Poor people love pizza.  White people love pizza.  Black people love pizza.  Do black people like pizza?Hey. Um... look guys, I'm sorry. Sometimes Jan can be such a bitch.Hey, watch it, watch it. We have a relationship.Thank you to our hosts.Ahhh! Excellent.Is it good to be back. Yeah. I mean I love the guy stuff but to run an office you need men and women. You know why? Because you need to have that crazy sexual tension to keep things interesting.Oh! I don't know, Pam. I paid $400 for this phone because I liked the ring.And now, I realize that you can program or download any ring you want. So, I'm a little overwhelmed.There's a lot of choices. You got to help me here.Which one of these is coolest? What do you think? [classical piano playing] [violin playing]No, no. [blues piano playing]Dude, are you kidding me? No. That one says, 'I am so lame.' Know which one I want? There's one that sounds like a jackhammer. Just really grabs your attention. It's like... [imitating jackhammer] You know what I'm talking about?Yes.What are you guys talking about?Cool.Working on it.Yup.All right.Alright Dwight, as you know I am heading to New York today. [Dwight holds up passport.] Doing a presentation on the branch to the new CFO.Nope. The opposite of that.Ok, good.I probably will, why do you ask?Yeah.WhatThis is a business trip. I would have to be a raving lunatic to try to talk to Jan about what happened between us. Her words, not mine. She sent me an email this morning. But, it is Valentine's Day. It's New York. City of Love.Hey, Pam. You heart N.Y., right? You want me to pick you up anything?Alright.Dude, I'm gonna nail it. Me in New York? Oh, I own that city. Fuggedaboudit! See ya!Well here we go. On our way to New York. New York, New York. City so nice they named it twice. Manhattan is the other name.The meeting isn't 'til three, but I always like to come to New York little bit early and hit some of my favorite hunts, like right here, is my favorite New York pizza joint. And I'm gonna go get me a New York slice. [Michael walks toward Sbarro.]Here it is, heart of New York City, Times Square. Named for the good times you have when you're in it. Most people when they come to New York, they go straight to the Empire State Building, that's pretty touristy. I come here. Great places to eat. [points] We have Bubba Gump Shrimp, Red Lobster down there. Ya know. This is, this is the heart of civilization, right here.Everybody takes the subway in New York. It's fast, it's efficient, gets you there on time. It's a way to [turns and rushes back up stairs] Okay, there's a guy pooping in a cardboard box down there.This is the world famous Rockefeller Center. Founded, of course by Theodore Rockefeller. This is a skating rink and I think the Rangers practice there sometimes and it's, that's Tina Fey [points]. That's Tina Fey from Saturday Night Live. Hello? Hello, hi? [walks over] OH, I'm sorry, I thought you were [Conan O'Brien walks in front of Michael], OK, I thought that was. She, she looked a lot like Tina Fey. [to camera] Hello, hello, I thought that was Tina Fey, but it wasn't. So... Are you serious? He was here? When, when I was talking to the fake Tina Fey? Come on! And are you, argh.I would love to live in New York someday. It's a big dream of mine. Work for corporate, with Jan. It'd be awesome. Go to Broadway shows, eat hot dogs. Scranton is great, but New York, is like Scranton on acid, no on speed, no on steroids. [Michael sees it's the end of a street.] OK, umm, I think, that's either the Hudson or the East, so we're back,  should be back this way. There's a lotta pressure on me right now. It's like Michael Jordan, in the NBA finals. Or, like Stormin' Norman Schwarzkopf, and this presentation is desert storm and as soon as it's over, we will not have to deal with those Iraqis anymore. Let's do it.There they are. What's up? Hey hey.Josh Porter, high five. [They high five] Bam.Yeah, how ya doing? Nobody needs to introduce this guy. Craiggers. [bump fists]You have been kicked out of every strip club in Albany, is that true?So what's going on? What I miss?Cool. Good, good, good. Give us some time to catch up, and... [awkward silence]Ay, Kay. Come on, you know, that's not. Cool it.Maybe because she's my girlfriend. [starts retracting statement] Was, or not my girlfriend. She's... we hooked up and...You know, months ago, just once, It's, just stupid. Just forget it,Yeah, yeah.Ditto. [to Jan] How are you Jan?What is a business? Is it a collection of numbers and sales reports? Sure. But as you know, David and Jan, it is much more. [plays video on screen. David and Jan have confused looks on their faces.][video dialogue for 'The Faces of Scranton'] Life moves a little slower in Scranton, Pennsylvania. And that's the way we like it. Because at Dunder Mifflin Scranton, we're not just in the paper business, we're in the people business. Let's meet some of the folks that make the Scranton branch so special. [video shows Stanley at desk] This is Stanley Hudson, one of our talented salesman. An African-American father of two, Stanley's dedication is no doubt one of the hallmark's of the foundation of the business we're hoping to build our bases on.Yeah, I shot a bunch of footage around the office, edited it together on my Mac. I was thinking of entering it into some festivals. Probably won't. You know, not what this is about.[video dialogue] And finally, Pam Beesly. Look at her. Look how cute. Not bad at all. As the receptionist, Pam is truly the gateway to our world. Well, I hope this gave you a little taste of what life is like here at Dunder Mifflin, Scranton. What it's like to walk a mile in Oscar's shoes. Or try on Phyllis' pants.  Maybe even one of Angela's famous brownies. And you'll know, that you're home. [video says, 'Great Scott!']Questions?Yes, thank you.Yes, absolutely David. Get that for you. I umm... [hands over report]Oh, ok. Alright.No you're not.Technically, we fell asleep in the same bed. So...Yes. I'm sorry. I will fix this. I'll talk to him. I'll talk to David.I am serious. And don't call me Shirley. Airplane.No no no no no, yes I, OK, well, alright, here's the deal. It's my fault. This is, this is totally on me. Before you guys came in, I was talking to the guys. We were all chatting and I made a joke, a really dumb joke and Craig the idiot took it seriously. [Jan looks at Michael]I did, it was stupid. And Craig, you saw him, he's not the sharpest tool in the shed. Although he is a tool. [David grins]I know. It was borderline at best and... And Jan is a fantastic executive and has all the integrity in the world and um, I'm really sorry. It will never happen again.Oh, no big deal. Really. Sorry again.Yeah, Happy Valentine's Day. [Jan turns and then kisses Michael. Michael looks and sees camera, Jan turns and sees camera, too. Elevator door closes.]Oy vey... schmear. [Points at Fiddler on the Roof playing at Minskoff Theatre and does a dance.]Everybody, hello, can I have your attention, please? Since it's Valentine's Day, there's something that I wanted to say. I love the women of this office. Pam, I love you.I love you, Angela. Yes, even you. I love you, Kelly. I love you, Meredith. This is all platonically, of course.I love ladies, always have. And you know what I think is the most attractive part of a woman's body? The brains. Because I don't think a woman is beautiful unless she is smart. And also, the brains are where the ladies get their best nasty ideas for bedroom stuff.That's a lot of noodles. How much sodium do you think is in that cup? This place used to be full of hookers and porn shops and it's not that way anymore. There's an old building. That one hasn't been torn down yet, but they will. They'll get to it.This is where it's all happening. We got TGI Fridays. I'm in the picture! Sometimes I just jump into people's pictures. Lot of people have their picture taken. It's kind of a New Yorker thing. You jump in on a tourist's picture and kind of ruin it. There's an energy to New York that you just feel. Um, everybody... Don't get hit. Everybody is kind of together and everybody hates each other, but loves each other at the same time. Screw off! People just yell at each other in New York, and it's great.Great. Thank you.Okay, here's the thing about Jan. She talks such a big game about, 'Oh there's nothing between us and stop talking about it.' And 'Border-line harassment when you call me at home.' But let me ask you this, is it just a coincidence that this meeting is taking place on Valentine's Day? Answer, maybe, but maybe not. We shall see.You know what? It was nice to see Devon again. To sort of get closure on that whole thing.Let's think this through. If we ask Corporate for that then...Could go either way. We don't know what they are going to say.Have to think it through. Because if they say no...No! Yes, we have to! You know why? Because I don't like to be cooped up in that office! In that box! All day long. [Michael starts playing with a football in the office] Heisman! Because I need to think. Okay, Jim? Oh, Kevin, oh! [laughs] Nice catch. Mmmm, mmm, mmm,mmm. Os-car! Intercepted.Give it to me. Phyllis, give me the ball. Ok, give me the ball. Give me, you guys... Creed give me the ball! Right now give it to me.Hey, Dwight.You all right Ryan?Pam!That's what she said!Grapes. Seductive. So you ready for the big speech this afternoon?Oh! Abso-fruit-ly. Fruit. Grapes. Nailed the joke. Matter of time. Um... And yes, it is a big speech. Biggest of your life.Speaker at the Sales Convention. Been there, done that. Went there again, did it again. Two years in a row. Consecutive. I just... I miss the feeling of knowing that you did a good job because someone gives you proof of it. Sir, you're awesome! Here's a plaque. What, a whole year has gone by and you need more proof? Here's a certificate. They stopped making plaques that year.That would look terrible. These are mostly salesmen and salesmen expect to be entertained and you are the main act.That's because you're incapable of doing it because you don't know how. Because you have no skills. Dwight, there's no way I can possibly teach you what you need to know about public speaking by speech time.But I can teach you enough so that you don't embarrass me or the company.Well, if you have a question, you should ask me.Don't. Don't try and think of a question to humor me. Just... try not to be such an idiot.Insult.[stand up comic voice] But seriously, what's the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman?It's a joke, Dwight. It's not a Sex Ed class.Yeah, you're right about the difference between a man and a woman, but not about the punch line to the joke, right? [stand up comic voice] The difference between a salesman and a saleswoman... is boobs!I do. Both of them.No, no! They would remember them. Look, it doesn't matter what you say. It just matters that you're saying something that people care about. Yeah? All right? Here we go. Watch this.Attention everybody! Attention please! I have some very great news from Corporate. We had a wonderful quarter and as a result all of you are getting bonuses for 1000 dollars![generalized clapping and cheering] Congratulations.You see that? You see how they responded to me? In that moment, I had them.No, no! It's not true. I was just talking so just go out there and say anything. They'll eat it up. They're a great audience.He's kidding. Dwight was kidding and I don't know why because it wasn't funny... and it was just horrible.Yeah.All right. Everybody in the conference room now. Let's go. Let's do it.As your leader and your friend, I sort of demand that you can all speak in public as I can... and did... twice. [speaking to camera] You saw the plaque, right? [to office] All right. We're all going to go around the room and we're going to make toasts. And that way, we will overcome our fear of public speaking.Pam! I'm public speaking. Stop public interrupting me. Actually, this would be good practice for your wedding toast.Yes. Good. Jim taking the initiative.Oh ho hokay. You know what? That's not a toast. You're not standing up.Okay, Dwight. Show us what you have learned today.Well, it's mostly made up. So...Dwight is not going to do a job. It's sad. And they're expecting excellence because I did do such a good job. Two years in a row. I killed. It was amazing.Confidence, Dwight.It's time, Dwight. The grim reaper is here.All right. You ready? Here we go! Wow. It's a little bit bigger than I remember. Come on. We're down here. Right.Dwight, they called your name.All right. You know what? Okay. No. No problem. You are lucky you have me here. I'm going to cover for you. [shouts] All right!Gooood morning, Vietnaaaam! I am not Dwight Schrute. Not at all. I am Michael Scott, his mentor and boss. And until Dwight comes up, if he ever does, I wanted to say a few words about excellence. What makes a work environment excellent? Well, there are many things, I believe, that do such a thing of that nature. And one would be humor. What is the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman?I'm very sorry. I did not know you were wearing a hearing aid and I just thought you were speaking abnormally. ...And now the black guy from the 'Police Academy' movies. A robot. [makes robot sounds] Michael Winslow, anyone?Car starting. [makes car sounds]  All right, Dwight Schrute everyone.Good luck. That is a tough crowd.I got thirsty. How'd it go?You would not believe what happened here.Oh! This woman came in, sat down, ordered a drink. The bartender asked for her ID which I thought was odd because I pegged her at like 35.Yeah, it was weird. So, she was like 'I don't have my ID, please give me one.' And he was like 'I can't do that. I can't serve you.'She might have been. So she says 'Fine. I will go to my room. I will get my purse. I will come back. I'll show you my ID.' She hasn't come back yet. She's probably in her room drinking from the mini-bar! Right?Dwight gave a great speech. That's the word on the street anyway. And I entertained Dwight to no end with my bar stories. So, I captivated the guy who captivated a thousand guys. Can you believe that? A thousand guys?That's it? You're going to end with 'etcetera'? Okay, what's this big organizational system that...That would be suicide. Never, never talk specifics. Not in a speech. But the fact that you have no idea what to say is, believe it or not, the least of our worries.It's your delivery...Our biggest worry.My God, Dwight. The best way to learn is by watching. That's why porn is a multi-trillion-dollar industry. Listen. Okay. Sit down, let me wow you. [clears throat] [shouting]See, I have your attention now, don't I? You're scared, but now you're ready to learn.No, it did not. And that is because at no time did you employ the use of humor. We'll find you a joke that not even you can ruin.All right, listen up, please. Dwight has a joke.Iraq is sand. Sailors are on water.Yeah, well, you know what? We need to... All right, everybody in the conference room now. Let's go.Who's gonna start. How about Phyllis? You kick us off and then we'll move around. Go ahead.Anything your heart desires.[shouting] Louder!Good. Good, good, good. That's good. Now see, that's not so hard, right? All right. Who's next? Who are we going to... Ryan. Ryan's next.Don't be shy, shy boy. Don't be shy. Get up there.Stop! Stop! Stop! That's, you know what? The toast is really not supposed to be about anything. It's certainly not supposed to be about going anywhere or doing anything else, so...Ryan is a temp, and that means that he could go at any time. Am I worried about that? Try scared to death.Ghosts. Lots of ghosts in this old Radisson. There it is, Rosebud Room. Memories. Wow, this turnout is pathetic. I packed the house, you know.Numismatic. Numismatic Collectors. Nope, wrong room.Okay. They got sports medicine seminar, nope. Science fiction convention, nope.You're weird.Are you a 12-year-old girl? I don't know. There we go.Ah, look at me. I'm huge in Wilkes-Barre. Performing nightly, Michael Scott. Not comedy fans here, which is fine because not having a sense of humor is just as fine as having one. Questions? Comment? Can't see you, but I know that you're not breathing. I know you're breathing. Is this on? Hello? 'Well, isn't that... Well, isn't that special?' 'Jell-O pudding.' Bill Cosby. I think Bill Cosby said it best when he talked about his brother and all of the fun he... All the great things they did together as kids. And there was the one time when he put the snowball in the freezer, and it... And he waited for five months and then he took the snowball out and he threw it... He would have thrown it at the kid but then his mother had thrown out the snowball so he couldn't throw it. So... Bill Cosby is smoking! And now some race car. [imitating race car engine] That brings me to my... Brings me to a point that you should always have a list of your clients. It's important to because a client list is next to godliness... List. [baby crying] Could you shut him up, please? I mean, who brings a baby to a sales conference? Really rude.Pam. Ms. Beasley if yer nastay! Janet Jackson. Hey! You having a wardrobe malfunction there? Or w---... Oh, God is that today?Listen, I like kids. But this is not a kid's environment. This is like HBO, no limits. Who knows what I'm going to say? Crazy stuff. And it is R rated, it is not rated G. I am like Eddie Murphy in 'Raw,' and they are trying to make me into Eddie Murphy in 'Daddy Daycare.' both great movies, but, still.Well, I'll be in my office.They're cool.Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine. Hi, children. I'm Michael Scott, and... I... am in charge of this place... ahh, what'll make you... understand... I am... like Superman, and the people who work here are like citizens of Gotham City.Okay, I'm Aquaman. Where does he live, guys?[under his breath] I work with a bunch of nerds.Oh, yes, hello, how are you? Good to see you. Wow, you've really grown up. You know what? Don't mind me saying so, she is turning into a stone cold fox. Better keep the... frat boys away from her.Oh.Yeah, middle school's amazing. It is extraordinary. An extraordinary time.It's not that children make me uncomfortable, it's just that, why be a dad when you can be a fun uncle? I've never heard of anyone rebelling against their fun uncle.[while Jake is throwing things at Michael] They want how many spiral pads?Okay.[on phone] Just compare last year's order to this year's. Uh-huh. Yeah, I'm looking at it right now. [Sasha walks in the door] ... Yes. We--yeah, they're very--they're different. [Sasha walks out] Yeah, we can stick with last year's, you're just going to have to supplement it, somehow.[on phone] Yes. Well... we can... [Sasha walks in, begins playing with Michael's toy train] uhm... hey, uh, you know what? Can I call you back? I'll call you right back. Yes, I promise. ...Hello, can I help you? ... You can pick that up, if you want. That's--- that's alright. [Sasha moves the train to Michael's desk] Want to bring it over... here, make some room. My name's Michael. What's your name?Nice to meet you.Oh, you know what that is! That is a train whistle, like I'm the conductor. [blows into whistle] But I'm sort of the conductor of the office here, right? [blows into whistle] You want to try?All aboard for sales! Next stop, Cu...camonga! [Sasha and Michael laugh]Dwight! Dwight!What the hell are you reading to them?Yeah, you know what? No, no no no no. They, no. The kids don't want to hear some wierdo book that your Nazi war criminal grandmother gave you.What's a Nazi?Don't!Don't! Don't! Don't talk about Nazis in front of--- you know what? They're going to have nightmares, so why don't you just shut it?[sighing] Why don't you just leave? Okay?Alright. There goes Mister Poop. Now, who likes Dane Cook?Children cannot lie. They are innocent, and they speak the truth, and out of the mouths of babes, Michael Scott is freaking cool. [cracks up]This is where the magic happens! Right over here, let me show you this. See all these? [pets shelf of paper] You know what that is? That's paper. This is where paper comes from. Any questions?No, we don't actually cut the paper. That's a good question. The paper is sent to us cut, and dyed, from a paper manufacturer, and then we sell it to a business for more than we paid for it.Yes it is, well, w-w--you need someone in the middle to facilitate...I'm not just a middle... man...You are describing Office Depot, and they're kind of running us out of business....There's Creed! Let's take a look at what he's doing, everybody! This is Creed, and he is in charge of... something. Right?Say hi to the kids.Yaaaaay.What are you doing? N--stop it! Stop it! Just--no, no, no, no! No! Would you cut it out?! What is your problem?No no no, we're not gonna see--- we're not gonna see the four toed... Creed, okay?You know, there's something interesting about me you might want to know. I ... used to be ... the star of a kids show.It's true. I did.I am totally serious. There was a show called 'Fundle Bundle' and I was the star.It's true! I can prove it! I can prove it, watch this. [gets up and runs out] Ryan, can you come here a second? [clears throat] I would like you to go to my mother's house in Dickson city, and if she is in the pool, the back kitchen window should be unlocked, I want you to boost yourself up, I want you to go down to the basement. In the basement is a tape labeled 'Fundle Bundle'. I want you to grab it, I want you to get my guitar.I want you to get the tambourine. Do you know how to play the tambourine?Oka--Okay! Thank you Ryan. Good attitude, hottest in the office.[to Abby] Alright, nowwww... what kind... of pizza do you like?I don't get why parents are always complaining about how tough it is to raise kids. You joke around with them, you give them pizza, you give them candy, you let them live their lives... They're adults, for God's sake.I am going to give you a little blast from the past of Michael Gary Scott when he was a child star, and a show that you might remember called 'Fundle Bundle.' Okay? Without further ado, Ryan?That... is Miss Trudy. Can't tell from the costume, but she had an amazing body. Okay, you can... fast forward. And... I want you... to...Stop! Stop! Stop! [Ryan resumes the tape] Yes! That is, uh, Edward R. Meow.Yeah.Uhh, I don't know.Can everyone please shut up, please! So you don't miss it.Oh! That's me. Shh. Shh.Coulda sworn there was......uh, no.Uh, just never happened.Uh, nope.I do okay.Yes.Okay! Alright, okay....I guess not... you know, I have a load of work to do so I am going to grab a slice of this delish pizza... and I'm going to go do my work. Bye.[Toby knocks on door] Yeah?Oh, that's okay, she can keep those.Thank you.You have to ask me that because you work for human resources.Well, sure, playing the field is great, don't get me wrong, but there's more to life than notches just on my bedpost.Tell me something honestly, do you... think... that it is too late for me to have kids?What about......Jan. Kay....Or biologically.Thanks, that's, no, that... that really means a lot to me. Hey, does Sasha have a godfather, because I...Oh... kay.Yes, it is true. I, Michael Scott, am signing up with an online dating service. Thousands of people have done it, and I am going to do it. I need a username. And... I have a great one [types]. Little kid lover. That way, people will know exactly where my priorities are at.Hey, uh, no, please? You can't leave yet. There's still one more thing we need to do.[singing] You... who are on the road... must have a code... that you can live by... [Dwight joins in] and so... become yourself... because the past... is just a goodbye... and teach... your children well...One more time. [singing] You...Hey, don't touch him, please!Didn't do background checks of the warehouse guys. [exclaims] Well, I'm sure it'll be fine.Sure.Okay. There you go.So, Phil recruited me to sell these cards, and now I am recruiting you.Don't worry about Phil. He drives a corvette. He is doing just fine. Okay. Calling cards are... the wave of the future. These things sell themselves.You know what? That's a nice attitude, Ryan, I'm just helping you invest in your future, my friend.Yes! Thank you! You will get rich quick. We all will!You know what, Toby? When the son of the deposed king of Nigeria emails you directly, asking for help, you help! His father ran the freaking country, okay? ...Alright, so, raise your hand if you wanna get rich. [Jim and Dwight raise their hands] Alright.Alright, let me explain. Again. [draws on board] Phil has recruited me and another guy. Now, we are getting three people each. The more people that get involved, the more who are investing, the more money we're all going to make. It's not a pyramid scheme, it is a... it's not even a scheme per se, it's... [Jim draws a triangle around Michael's diagram] ... I have to go make a call.Oh ho ho! What?Thank you! That's really nice.Today is my B-day, and people around here just go crazy for it. I don't know why. Oh! Fun fact. I share my birthday with Eva Longoria. So, I have aWhat's up?Ah, thank you sir.[Dwight knocks on door] Yeah.Ohh, god.No no no, no, new suit, please.Thank you very much. It is from Italy. [checks jacket] Actually--- no, Bulgaria.Good luck. One of a kind.Not necessary, the party planning committee is all over it.  They've been working twenty-four seven all day yesterday.Don't! Nope! Please, don't want to spoil it for anybody. Spoil the surprise.Let's get the party started.  Not the way I taught you! [Michael joins in][answering phone] Yeah?Oh, great, put her through.Hey, you.It is urgent, I just wanted to call and wish you a happy birthday.Really? 'Cause, I thought we had the same birthday.Thanks. [grins]Nope. Totally private. You can say whatever is in your heart. [Jan hangs up][to Ryan, sitting across from Michael] ...You can take a five, if you want.Somebody brought in donuts for my birthday!Thanks.Somebody got donuts for my birthday!You didn't know it was my birthday.Well, I guess I forgot to give you a donut [closes box].Mmm.Here we go. Ohhhkay, this is great! [giggles] Thank you my friends, she is perfect! Ahhh, Dwight, may I have your chair please? And, um, some singles, if you will! Allllright. Nnnnn-dink! [puts single into delivery woman's pocket, giggles] Okay, um, alright. This has arms. Is that gonna be a... is that alright?[laughing] Okay. I'm so nervous.When I was seven, my mother hired a pony and a cart to come to my house for all the kids... and... I got a really bad rash from the pony, and all the kids got to ride the pony and I had to go inside, and my mother was rubbing cream on me... for probably three hours, and I never came outside. And by the time I got out the pony was already in the truck. And around the corner. So that was my worst birthday.[eating donuts while Dwight plays the recorder] Stop it. Stop! What is that?Yeah, well, it's on the radio. My birthday blows. Nobody even signed my birthday poster. Probably my mother is the only one that cares enough to send me anything.You're making it worse. I bet Luke Perry's friends don't treat him like this [points to James Dean poster].What?[grinning] Ohhh, God.Ohhh, no.Ohh, no, no, no! I can't... Ryan, come on. Let's do this.Okay.Thank you.Whoa whoa! Alright. Alright. Watch it... please.Get in here... everybody.Birthday party subs! My gift to you.The best.Yes.Well, then just have the tomato and ketchup. Still good.Just the bread, it's fresh baked.Mm-kay. Get whatever you want. [under breath] And choke on it.When I was sixteen, I was supposed to go out on a date with a girl named Julie. But there was another Michael in the class that she apparently thought the date was with, so she went out with him, on my birthday. And, she got him a cake, at the restaurant. And it wasn't even his birthday, but I heard about it the next day in school. So...Kevin? Respect the birthday please.Are you done? ...Good. Okay.Uhhh... blow out the candle. Okay. Mmmm... [blows out the candles]... I asked for trick candles.Okay. Well, when she comes back we'll do it again. [notices Meredith hugging Kevin] Hello, what about the birthday boy? Haven't had a hug all day.... Aww, that... sucks, great. ... Wow, that's good timing. That's... that's, sorry, that's terrible. Terrible news. That's terrible... terrible news for both of us [takes cake into office and slams the door].There you are. Good news. Did some research. It turns out that 98% of people with skin cancer fully recover.Yeah, but it's not brain cancer. And it shouldn't stop us from having fun. You know what they say the best medicine is.And laughter... also.Why are you here? I didn't even invite you to my birthday party.[mocking voice] Nyeh, I work here. [to Kevin] Alright, well, you know what, since Toby doesn't speak for everybody and I am your boss, I... think you should just go home. Take the rest of the afternoon off. Take a sick day.Well, you're pretty much driving everyone else here crazy... crazy with worry.Excuse me, everyone. Attention please. Kevin, we're going to take you to a very special place, a place that will make you happy, and a place that is far, far away from the evil sun.How dare you sir. You are gross.[sees 'Happy Birthday Michael Scott!' poster at skating rink] That should not be there.No, it's alright. It's already up. Just leave it. Where's Kevin? Come on! Let's get our skate on!Yeah, I've been pretty much skating my whole life. I thought about playing in the NHL, but, you're on the road so much. You got no time to spend with your wife and kids. And I really want a wife and kids.Hey Pam, all this stuff with Kevin... um, it's pretty scary. And I'm thinking that uh, next time you're in the shower, you should check yourself out. You know, give yourself an exam. Those things are like ticking time bags. Alright? Think about it.Kevin. You heard anything yet?Okay. Well. Live strong.Alright.Yeah. Carol? She sold me my condo! Hey! What, is this place on the market? Or...Oh, these... all your kids?Oh, hey guys. Whats up? You wanna go for a ride? Is that okay?Cool. Alright. Grab on. Here we go. Ready? Hang on tight. Alright. We are moving. We are reaaallly mooovin' now!Push. Good! That's great. You got it. [Kevin's phone rings] Excuse me.Oh... God... [stomps] God! [throws hockey stick and yellow paper bracelet down] We're gonna beat this, okay? We're gonna... come here [hugs Kevin].Well, apparently in the medicine community, negative means good. Which makes absolutely no sense. In the real world community, that would... be... chaos.Okay, who's this from? Wowwwee, look at that! Jersey!Cool. Ohh. Great. From Dwight.Thank you... Dwight. That's great. Thanks.Yeah.Oh! You didn't need to do that. ...Nightswept. This is... really amazing. Thank you. I love it.That's not how I taught you, right? [singing] My hump, my hump, my lovely lady lump Check it out [Dwight imitating drumbeat]Okay, here's the thing about bosses and employees. A good boss will say, 'Hey, it's my birthday. Celebrate me.' A great boss will say, 'Hey, it's my birthday. Celebrate yourselves, because you are the ones who made me great, and I will acknowledge your contributions with donuts.'Good. You know, Ryan, you didn't have to get me a present.Good. Great.No, I think you're gonna stay.On my 20th birthday, my supposed best friend, Sam Ambrose, ditched me for his twin sister's Sweet Sixteen party. And that was my worst birthday. Until today.[knock on door] Mmm-hmm.Oh, good. Okay. Don't tell me, tell them.Oh, my God. That's a piece of cake. That's a piece of cake. Oh, 2%. Jeez, that's good.Out of, like, 18 billion Americans, so, no worry.Those were probably misdiagnosed. I mean, anybody with a zit goes in and says, 'I have cancer.'Untrue. The heart is bigger than the skin. If you stretched the heart out, it would cover more than the entire body.Ry, is he bugging you? Dwight, dude, you gotta take a chill pill, man. It was one joint in the parking lot. You know, you're totally harshing the office mellow.[fake coughing] Narc!I wasn't attempting to compliment you.Uuf, well...[shakes head] Okay...Why don't you just cool it, cool it Dwight, please, God! [to Jim] Dude, where's my office? [Jim quietly laughs] I totally lost it, 'cause I was half-baked. Smokin' doobies. Doobie brothers, I was smokin' doobies with my brothers. Peace out, Seacrest!Thanks. M-m-munchies. Who wants some munchies?Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Who's he calling?  Ratting somebody out.  Narc!  Narc!  Kevin?Remember the narc bit? [laughs] Uh-oh, who's in trouble?Waa... what? What are you talking about?Two nights ago, I went to an Alicia Keys concert at the Montage Mountain Performing Arts Center. I scored these great aisle seats. Anyway, after the opening act this beautiful girl sits down next to me and I never get to meet girls with lip rings and she had one. I don't know exactly how this happened but one of her friends started passing around some stuff and they said it was clove cigarettes, and I'm sure that it was clove cigarettes. Everybody in the aisle was doing it.Okay, attention everyone the drug testing has been cancelled.  Instead, I will be going around to each of you and doing a visual inspection.I can do that, it is my office.Hmmm. Ha. [under his breath] Alright. Great.It has come to my attention that some people here think that the use of drugs is something to laugh about.No, uh, no. That was a test.  I was testing you, and you all failed. Miserably. When I said that Dwight was a narc, how many of you defended him?  How many of you said, 'Hey, you know what, he's right? What he's doing is protecting this office from the evils of drugs.'I am ridiculously anti-drug. So anti-drug that I am above suspicion in any way that involves suspicion, or testing of any kind.Drugs ruin lives people. Drugs destroy careers. Take Cheech and Chong everybody knows that Cheech and Chong are funny, but just imagine how funny they would be if they didn't smoke pot.  I want everybody to take a look to their left. Now I want everybody to take a look to their right. One of those people will be dead from drug use at some point in their lives. This year more people will use cocaine than will read a book to their children.Are these facts scaring you, or are they not?Do you think that smoking drugs is cool? Do you think that doing alcohol is cool?Okay, enough, enough, enough! I have written down a list of illegal drugs. Take a gander. How many of these are you familiar with?Yes it is.Okay, you know what, Toby? Pam, can you take this down? [Pam throws her hands up to indicate she has no notepad] In addition to Toby's urine being tested, I would like to test his blood and his hair.I can test anyone randomly, and I have chosen you randomly.Okay, eeny, meenie, miney, moe, is random.  Okay, you know what? I'm going to need a volunteer to select one of these words and tell us of something tragic that happened in either their lives, or the lives of a loved one.  Yeah, Pam.Really? [Jim shakes his head no]Jim it's okay. You can t... [Jim looks at Pam and shakes his head, Pam looks at him and gestures for Jim to go up and tell his story] This would be a good place to let it out, Jim. These are people you can trust. These are people who care about you. [Jim shakes his head no] It's okay, just we will not judge you. We are here to not judge you. [Jim stands up] Oh, he's doing it, okay. [Jim looks at Pam] It's okay. [Jim pretends to try, looking teary eyed, shakes his head no, mouths 'I can't' and sits back down. Pam is amazed.] Oh. Okay, are you sure? [Jim shakes his head. Kevin pats his shoulder] That looked like it was going to be good. Alright. [Pam nods in admiration at Jim] Okay, well.The point I'm trying to make with all of this people is that I hate drugs. I hate them, and based upon what I have seen you all don't quite hate 'em as much as I do so you are going to have a drug test, and I am not.Yes, I will not be.Okay, well Dwight just know that I've been very busy today and I got a lot of work to do and I wasn't planning on going to the bathroom and I don't even know if anything is going to come out, okay? So good. Thank you.So I need you to do some work on the St. Andrews account. I need your urine. I need some filing done.Just forget it.  Just the urine.Just. I need your urine.Yes in a cup, we're not animals, Dwight.It's none of your business.Okay. Alright. Just, I went to an Alicia Keys concert, over the weekend, and I think I may have gotten high accidentally by a girl with a lip ring.I need clean urine for the lady.Don't think of it that way. It's like, urine goes all over the place. You know, there's no controlling it. It just... goesA cup could find its way under the urine. It might be an accident. It happens.No, just look. Look. Just... just fill up the cup.Dwight. Well, I passed the test thanks to you and your untainted pee. Thank you very much.What's wrong? Where's your costume?Why?  Wha...Since you did such a good job with the investigation, I decided to pull a few strings. Call in a few favors. and I've decided to make you official security supervisor of the branch.Yes, sir.So you wanna? Thanks.Okay.Good.No. Oh. Uh...[awkwardly salutes]Alright. [to Hank] Well, Thank you.Drugs are everywhere in our society. They are omniscient. If you look at the amount of pot that was smoked in the United States last year, that would reach the moon.Exactly. I know. It's amazing.Shut... Shut it. No. Just... Just focus on the facts. Cocaine. They use cocaine.One thing that you need to remember is that there's no way of knowing who's a user, who's an abuser, because we don't know. It could be anybody. Your instinct is to say it's somebody-like Stanley or Oscar...No, no! Your instinct. That... Your gut reaction is to say that, but I don't! That's, that's... Those are instincts that have been created by media and hype. And they are wrong. What I am saying is that you just do not know who drug users are. It may be the person you least suspect. It may be somebody hot, like Pam, or it could be somebody matronly, like Phyllis, but just not me.No? okay, fine.Okay, well, I really think that... [dial tone beeping]Yeah. Sorry you had to hear that. It was a lovers' quarrel.Okay, let's get personal for a second, shall we?Okay, well, I made up some fliers for everybody to take on your way out, in case you're ever tempted. So there you go. And, Dwight, you know, I'm very busy today. It wasn't even planning on going to the bathroom, so I don't even know if anything will come out.Well...I don't... Let's just not talk about it, okay?Yes, thanks, Fantastic Sam's. Adult Cut Plus. Comes with a shampoo and blow dry. We're doing I.D. photos today. Gotta represent.That's a nice tie.That is... who makes that?Do you mind if I wear that for the photo?[walking into the Conference room] What's the dealio?What's the problem?So what, you're having a little spat. I forget, are you guys dating?Yes.Yeah?Okay.What do you know about conflict resolution? Your answer to everything is to get divorced. So...Okay... what?Yeah, well... that's not gonna fly here. Because in this office, it is till death do us part... assuming we don't get downsized. [leans over to Pam] Uh, Pam, will you get Angela and meet us in the conference room please?[holding up a binder] A mediator's tool chest. Okay, well, before we get started, you should know that are 5 different styles of conflict.[in a comedic voice] My Shaolin temple style defeats your monkey style.No. Okay, this is important. The first style is lose/lose.Just hold on, please! Okay, if we do lose/lose, neither of you gets what you want. Do you understand? You... you would both lose. Now I need to ask you, do you want to pursue a lose/lose negotiation?Win/Win is number four and number five is win/win/win. The important difference here is with win/win/win, we all win. Me too. I win for having successfully mediated a conflict at work.[in front of poster] Okay, since this is the disputed poster. Now, one at a time, I want you to express your feelings using 'I' emotion language and no judging or 'you' statements.Come on, seriously, that?Okay, okay. Stop, stop, stop! Let's see if we can just brainstorm and find some creative alternatives that are win/win.Yes. Thank you, Pam. How about Angela makes the poster into a t-shirt, which Oscar wears. That way, he can never see it and whenever she looks at Oscar, she can see it. Win/win/win.Okay... well, brainstorm. Own the solution.Okay, that is called a compromise. And it is style 3. And it is not ideal. To sum up, win/win - make the poster into a t-shirt, win/lose - take the poster down, compromise - Tuesdays and Thursdays. And the answer is... make the poster into a t-shirt! Win/win.[claps his hands twice] It is done!Yes.Are those all the other complains?I would like to see those please.You can't do that, huh? Huh, ok. Now you and I have a conflict. I order you to give me that file.Okay. [yanks the file away, despite Toby's resistance] There! No more conflict. [looks at the camera] I had to use win/lose on that. It was not pretty. [looks back at Toby] All right... is that it?Ohh... God. Alright. Why do I have to do everything?[looking through papers in the complaint box] This is from Kevin. He says Stanley uses his Miracle Whip without asking. Meredith complains that everyone talks too loud in the morning and the lights are too bright. Creed... huh. Duh, duh. Creed is sick of looking at the redhead all day and wants a seat facing the receptionist.You will notice that not one of these complaints is against me.How many of you have at one time gone to Toby to complain about another employee? [looks at all the employees, most of whom raise their hands] And... did you get what you wanted, or were you merely listened to, you forget about your problem, and you move on? [employees mumble 'merely listen to and forgotten...' ] That is outrageous! I love this place... and it pains me to see all of the negativity festering... [sighs] Okay, today we are going to get everything out of these files and into the open, where it can be resolved. Alright, how about the Phyllis/Angela dispute?That's what she said. [Jim mouths these words along with Michael] The thing is, Angela... you are in here an awful lot. You have complained about everybody in the office, except Dwight, which is odd because everyone else has had run ins with Dwight. Toby, by the way, what does 'redacted' mean? There is a file full of complaints in here marked 'redacted'... ?Oh, ok. There were a bunch of complaints about Dwight that were put in the redacted file about six months ago.All right, Pamela. Come on down! Let's do it! And [looks through the file]... okay. Just one complaint. Actually, it has been withdrawn. So that is no help to us. Next.Uh... [reading]'Does she have to plan her wedding on office time? Couldn't she do that at home?' [Pam looks Angela an angry look] Who else? Why don't we just warm up first? Warm up emotionally, all right?Here is a Kelly complaint: 'Ryan never returns my calls.' Ugh, join the club.[crumbles up the complaint paper] Makin' progress. [Jim raises his hand] Yes?What?!Stanley. [off camera][still of camera] You got a lot of anger under there buddy. Come on start us out. Unleash it.Someone complained that the men's room is 'whites only'. Stanley, you know that's not true.Okay, Phyllis. You complained that Angela's giving you dirty looks. And you tried to get off the party planning committee.And... also, Phyllis, Stanley says that you cry too much, and that bugs him.Oh... ok.Okay, well... all settled, then.OK, Ryan.  You told Toby that Creed has a distinct old man smell?All right, Kevin. You are accused of making sexually suggestive remarks to Angela that made her feel uncomfortable. Solution:  Angela, you are to make sexually suggestive remarks to Kevin that will make him uncomfortable.Uh. Dwight.Okay! Calm down.Hey, hey!Stop.Okay...Dwight...Stop...Oh... kay...Okay.Yes.Mm-hmm.[picks up Dwight's I.D. and snickers] You know your I.D. says you're a security threat?Okay... you two, in the conference room with me. Nobody leaves until we work this out. Cage match!Cage matches? Yeah, they work. How could they not work? If they didn't work, everybody would still be in the cage.Okay, so Dwight, in your own words - [reads from complaint paper] 'Someone replaced all my pens and pencils with crayons. I suspect Jim Halpert.' [flips to another paper] 'Everyone has called me 'Dwayne' all day. I think Jim Halpert paid them to.'[reading] 'This morning, I found a bloody glove in my desk drawer and Jim Halpert tried to convince me I committed murder. I think he may be the real murderer.' [flips to another paper] 'Jim Halpert said there was an abandoned infant in the woman's room. When I went to save the child, I saw Meredith on the can.'  Gah. 'This morning, I knocked myself in the head with the phone.'[reading] 'Every time I typed my name, it said 'Diapers'.'By the end of the day, my desk was about two feet closer to the copier.'The Japanese have this thing called shiatsu massage, where they dig into your body, very hard. And it is very painful. And apparently, some people throw up. But the next day they feel great. I've never had one. They sound awful.Hey, there's like, 300 more of these. Let's get to them later.Maybe, I haven't decided yet. Let's get to work.Okay. Oh... actually, tomorrow's not good. How about later in the week?Good. Okay.Hey! Wait. How about a group picture while you're here?Well... that's... what, a computer camera, right?It'll take like two seconds.Ugh... All right. Everybody, [looks around at the employees] come on. Group photo for the newsletter.Come on, everybody.We resolved a lot today, everybody. Think happy thoughts.Good, let's check that out. [looks at preview screen] Ew, okay, all right. One more. We'll take one more.What?[off camera] You just press the button.[off camera] Okay, good. Check that out.[off camera] That's terrible.[off camera] Let's pay Mr. Price Gouger. [rejoins the group, on camera] Okay... we can do this. Come on, everybody. All right. Here we go. [flash goes off before he sits down]It was really hard getting a good picture of fifteen people. He would not give me a good discount. And eight tries added up.[flashback the photo being taken] One, two..[flash goes off] Didn't say three, did I?But, I'm sort of an expert at Photoshop, so it turned out fine in the end. When people work together, there is going to be conflict. You can't outrun your problems.And that is why the idea of a cage match is so universally appealing. But here's the thing about cage matches: sometimes you have to open the cage. And that is something Toby will never understand.Nothing much is happening today. We are having our photo IDs taken. Whoop-de-doo. Can't always be like The Apprentice.On Big Brother, something important happens every day. But real life is not like that.I hate it when people don't tell each other why they're angry. My dad was like that. I would say, 'What's wrong, Dad? What's wrong, Dad? What's wrong, Dad? What's wrong, Dad? What's wrong, Dad? What's wrong, Dad?' Over and over and over. And he would just look at me like I was an idiot.There is this old story about two women who each think they are the mother of this baby. And they can't decide, so they bring the baby to a wise man. Just like a manager in those days. And the wise man says, 'I will adopt this baby and raise it as a Hindu.' See? They didn't expect that. And that fixed it. Because I think he was the dad anyway.There are dozens of old complaints in here. Cold cases, like the show. [imitating gonging] And Toby is a lazy detective who has decided that these armed robberies and rapes and murder/suicides are not important enough to solve. Well, you know what? I have a problem with that. And I'm going to open up these cases before Toby can kill or rape another person.Wow! I never thought Dwight would go postal. It's always the person you least expect and I always thought Dwight would go postal.Cage Match'? I don't know if it was in the packet from corporate, because I barely read any of it. So if you're asking if I stole their idea, the answer is no.Tonight the Scranton Business Park is having Casino Night and we are converting our warehouse into a full-blown gambling hall. And I know it's illegal in Pennsylvania, but it's for charity. And I consider myself a great philanderer. It's just... It's nice to know at the end of the day, I can look in the mirror and say, 'Michael, because of you, some little kid in the Congo has a belly full of rice this evening.' Makes you feel good.I try not to think of it as lagging behind. It's more of a David-and-Goliath thing.Top 80 percent!Yeah?Jan, listen, I promise that I will kick it up a notch. Bam!Emeril. Oh, actually, while I have you, not that I have you or have ever had you, but we're having our Casino Night tonight and I think everyone would love to see their fearless leader here.I am, but you are the Eva Peron to my Cesar Chavez.Oh, come on. Come on.You know, it'd be fun. I can hear it in your voice. You need a break.Jan and I understand each other. The romance thing is sort of on hold for the time being, but we've remained good friends. Good friends with privileges. Not now, some day.Okay, everybody. Tonight's event is to benefit the Boy Scouts of America.Well, they need our money. They don't have cookies like the Girl Scouts.Well, Oscar, if you don't like it, then you should concentrate on winning. Because the person at the end of the evening with the highest chip count will receive $500 to donate to the charity of their choice. And they will get a mini-fridge compliments of Vance Refrigeration.So get your charities in to Pam. I, for example, am playing for Comic Relief.Comedy is very much alive, as are homeless people.Well, then, they need our money more than ever.Oh, and another fun thing. We, at the end of the night, are going to give the check to an actual group of Boy Scouts. Right, Toby? We're gonna...Why are you the way that you are? Honestly, every time I try to do something fun or exciting, you make it not... that way. I hate so much about the things that you choose to be. Okay, you know what? I will not donate my winnings to Comic Relief, since apparently it doesn't exist. I am going to donate to Afghanistanis with AIDS.No, I mean Afghanistanis with AIDS.What?That's a dog.That's a shawl.No. Humans with AIDS.Okay, you know what? No. No. AIDS is not funny. Believe me, I have tried.There are certain topics that are off-limits to comedians, JFK, AIDS, the Holocaust. The Lincoln Assassination just recently became funny. 'I need to see this play like I need a hole in the head.' [laughs] And I hope to someday live in a world where a person could tell a hilarious AIDS joke. It's one of my dreams.I have already put down the deposit. Do you understand how a deposit works?It's Casino Night like Las Vegas. There are fire-eaters all over the place.Well, actually, it's my warehouse.Why are you here?Not. I said, not that.That's ironic.That you are afraid.Dinkin' flicka.Give me some. [Michael and Darryl perform simultaneous hand gesture][phone rings] YesWho?Do I know a Carol Stills?Oh, yeah, put her through. Hey Carol, how goes the real estate biz? Is itHi, Carol. How you doing?Oh, hey, no problemo. Incidentally, I love the place.Great. It has a little bit of a weird smell. It's okay. At Christmas, the tree helped.Actually, I'm sort of hosting this charity thing in our warehouse, Casino Night.Yeah, it'll be good. You know what? Why don't you come by? Bring the papers, I'll sign them and then you can stay and have a drink.Yeah. It'll be fun. What do you...[phone rings] What do you...Oh, I'm sorry. Could you hold on? Yes?Okay, put her through. [Deep voice] Jan Levinson, I presume?Hey, Jan. How you doing?I am?Oh, okay.AIDS.Okay, sounds great.Bye Hello, Carol? Hi, sorry about that. I just...Right.Yeah?What?Okay.Problem. Good.Good, All right. Sounds great.Bye.Two queens on Casino Night. I am going to drop a deuce on everybody.Hey, hey.Hey, Carol.You look great.Oh, well... Kiss. [Michael kisses her on the cheek, pauses and then kisses her on the other cheek] That's how we do it in the paper biz. It's European and... Yes? Ah, Dwight [Kisses cheeks]Can I get you a drink? The food is from Hooters.Okay.Billy, your nurse is hot.Your nurse became your girlfriend? Sweet.Chili's is great.Welkommen, Bienvenue, and welcome to Monte Carlo! Dwight. I am no longer your boss. Lady Fortune is your boss.Shut it, shut it, shut it. Will Lady Fortune be your mistress? Only time will tell, my friends. Leave all your preconceived notions about casinos at the door. Old friends, new lovers, and the disabled!  Welcome all! Great, okay. Shuffle up and deal. Let's get it started! Black-Eyed Crows.All-in. [Other players fold their hands]Bluffing is a key part of poker, which is too bad, because I'm not very good at bluffing. Did you believe me?What are... That's insane.Well, Toby, I went all-in on the first hand, so doesn't that tell you that I might have good cards, too? So don't be stupid. Just take it back.Okay, all right, whatever.You really screwed that up. [Michael leaves]Yeah, whatever. Hey, you know what? If luck weren't involved, I would always be winning. [Sees Jan] Oh, my God. Oh, my God.Jan.Look, okay, I think we're all adults here, and it has always been my understanding that we have an open relationship.After you said you weren't coming, I invited Carol to come and I don't think that I did anything wrong.Um...Hey. What...All right!Four! [Holds dice in front of Carol] Blow. Blow for luck! Yeah! Also, you. Not playing favorites. [Holds dice in front of Jan] All right, here we go!Yeah!So close. So close.Hey, okay.Thank you.Okay. Thanks for coming.Okay. Talk to you Monday.Good night. She's a good boss.Oh, she's great.Love triangle. Drama. All worked out in the end, though. The hero got the girl. Who saw that coming? I did. And Jan was really happy for me. So actually the hero got two girls. He got the girl that he works with and he got the girl that he buys real estate from. So, I've got my New York girl and my local flavor. Life is good.Everybody, in the conference room now, please. Thank you. Time is money.No.No.I want somebody to give me the name of one of our biggest competitors.Good. Yes, that will work. All right. Now I need a plural noun. [All groaning]How about a location?Where the hell is that?Okay, all right.No, no, no. No, no, not until you give me an adjective.We already have that. So...No, Toby, damn it, come on! We already have that. I need something fun. Something like fat or smelly. Or pukey. Pukey. Pukey's good. Okay. Pukey. Now I need a noun.Good. Thank you, Phyllis. That wasn't so hard. All right, here we go. 'Office Depot is an annoying store. One day Creed went there to buy paper. And he ran into irritating Cylons.'One of them was named Michael Scott, and he was an...' Oh, damn it. Okay. Okay, okay, we're... Okay, we're starting over.Look, if anything goes missing, we will reimburse.Dang! Paper making paper, I.e. money.Paper money. [clears throat] Yeah. The company's doing fine.Hey. Okay. You know what? Don't even think. I command you to just go down and have fun tonight. All right? Don't think about it.Our numbers are down, yes, but we have a heck of a crew here in Scranton. Hardworking, motivated, dynamic. Every single last one of them. They follow my lead. I sort of set the tone. And it doesn't hurt that my ex works for corporate. Jan loves this branch, and I think that's really more than half the battle.No!  That is the fun of this place.  I call everybody 'faggie'. Why would anybody find that offensive?That's what faggie means!It wasn't just an action movie, it was Die Hard!Exactly!Yeah, I know.OK, a little too far, crossed the line.I would have never called him that if I knew.  You don't... You don't call retarded people 'retards'.  It's bad taste.  You call your friends 'retards' when they're acting retarded.  And I consider Oscar a friend.Listen man, I am so sorry.  I had no idea.No.  No it's not.  I feel terrible about it.  I have been calling people 'faggie' since I was in junior high, and I have never made this mistake.  If I don't know how to behave, it is because I am just so far the opposite way, you know?  I'm just... I, I can't even imagine... the... thing.  Maybe we could go out for a beer sometime.  And you could tell me... how... you do that to another dude.Can you tell who's gay and who's not?What about Oscar?Well, he[deep sigh] There could be others...  I need to know.  I don't want to offend anybody else.Yeah, I'm sure everyone would appreciate me treating them like they were gay.Hey, what about Angela?   She's hard and severe.  She could be a gay woman.I don't know, I can imagine her with another woman, can't you?Do some research.  Find out if there's a way to tell by just looking at them.That's ridiculous.[sighs] Let's call him and get the website.Well, they're sold out.I watch the L Word.  I watch, Queer as F***, so...What?  What does that even...Well, gay pride, right? Gay pride parade?  It's not like gay... shame festival.I think Angela might be gay.  Could Oscar and Angela be having a gay affair?  Maybe!  Is that what this is about?I don't kn--Anything's possible.[laughs] Well, I'm not gay Jan, and you should know that better than anybody!The company has made it my responsibility today to put an end to 100,000 years of being weirded out by gays.Trick question!  Cause you can't always tell, so... how would I know.  Is that the right answer?[looking at gay porn] Nothing wrong with this stuff.  At all.  This is fine.  You know what.  Gay porn, straight porn, it's all goooooood!  I don't particularly get into this.  But uh, you know what.  I totally see the merit!  And actually... it is quite beautiful.[yelling] All right, everybody in the conference room!  I don't care if you are gay, or straight, or a lesbian, or overweight!  JUST GET IN HERE!  RIGHT NOW!Did you know that gay used to mean happy?  When I was growing up it meant lame.  And now it means a man, who makes love... to other men.We're all homos!  Homosapiens.  Gays aren't necessarily who you think they are, people.  I mean anybody could be gay.  Business-men.  Like antique dealers, or hairdressers, or... accountants.  Oscar, why don't you take this opportunity to officially come out, to everybody here.  However you want to do it.  Go ahead.  Stand up.  I'm doing this for you.Who should be the judges and juries of our society?Yes, that's a good point.  She has a good point.  Because gay marriage currently is not legal, under U.S. law.  I bet a lot of straight men wish that applied to them.  So they could go out there and have some torrid unabashed monkey sex as much as they could.  You know?  Sounds pretty good, right?That's great.  Congratulations Phyllis.  That is great, and frankly kiiiiiiiind of amazing!  [laughs] See?  Everybody has a chance!But still, Phyllis, in college?  Did you ever experiment with other women?  A lot of women do![laughing] Right!  [serious] And I take that as a compliment.Well, I just like to look good OK, so ---No, I am just coming out myself.  I am coming out hetero!No no no.  The only signal that I am sending is:Look, if I was gay, I would be the most flamboyant gay you have ever seen.  I would be leading the parade covered in feathers, and just... I would be waving that rainbow flag.You misunderstand-- OK.  You know what, OK.  I uh, I'm gonna put my money where my mouth is.  You ready?  I am going to embrace Oscar.  You might want to watch this Angela, because you can't catch anything.  Here we go.  We are going to make a statement.  You and I are going to make a statement together.  Oscar is my friend ---...and I just don't care who sees it, doesn't bother me!All right, um... sorry.[sobbing] I'm sorry I called you faggie.  You're not faggie.  You're a a good guy.[embracing Oscar]You know what, I'm going to raise the stakes.  I want you to watch this.  And I want you to burn this into your brains.  Because this is an image that I want you people to remember for a long time to come.  Whenever you come into the office I want you to think about this.  [awkwardly kissing Oscar]  I did it.  See.  I'm still here.  We're all still here. [everyone claps][Dwight gets up to kiss Oscar]  Oh come on!  Dwight!  Come on, man!We are not in the playground anymore.  There are new rules.  We have to be mature.  But we can't lose the spirit of child like wonder.  What is love...  anyway?  Maybe it's supposed to break all the rules.  Like me and Jan.  Or Oscar... and some guy.  Life is short.  When two people find each other, what should stand in their way?I am glad that today spurred social change.  That's part of my job as regional manager.  But you know what?  Even if it didn't, at least we put this matter to bed.  ...that's what she said.  Or he said.Oh, there's Gill.  Oscar's roommate.  I wonder if he knows?I will do my job to the best of my abilities.I will do mySpecifically, Jan, I will make at least ten phone calls to clients.Yes, I have to begin every day by letting Jan know what I intend to accomplish, and then I have to call her at the end of the day to tell her what I[quietly] No.Okay. [Jan hangs up. Toby opens the office door.][sigh]Hi, honey.  You holding up?Yeah.Oh, good. By yourself?Aw. Well, hang in there, okay?  You know what? You should get one of this big body pillows. That way you wouldn't miss you-know-who so much.Roy.Pam?Did you see Oprah yesterday?I, uh... I am going to be a father.Angelina Jolie was on. And she adopted a baby from Asia, and she said that it changed her life. And that really inspired me. So, I want you to look into seeing how much a little Chinese baby would cost.I know.Well...Just do it, okay?Um... find out if there's a cheaper, less expensive baby out there, okay?Eight months?I don't even know if I'll want a baby in eight months.You know what, Pam? If in ten years, I haven't had a baby, and you haven't had a baby...Twenty years.Thirty.It's a deal.Yesh.Right there. Ah.Per diem.Guess where I am going. I will give you a hint. It is a booze-fueled sex romp, where anything goes. You are correct, sir! I am headed to Philadelphia for the Annual Northeastern Mid-Market Office Supply Convention. And Jim Halpert is going to be coming, which will be fun. Poor little guy. He's been stuck working under Josh, the poor man's Michael Scott, as he is known around my condo.Sleep with who? Whom, whom... whom?Oh, wow! Oh my God, I have a great idea. You know what you should do to be hilarious? Wear your wedding dress. It would be a great icebreaker.Yeah, do it!Really? Okay. Well, word of advice: unbutton that top button. Let those things breathe. Any message you want me to relate to Jim?Um. Okay, um.You got that?Write it down.Um.Hey, Josh, how ya doing?Good to see you. There he is! There's the traitor! Traitor! Traitor! Come here, you. Come here! Yeah! The product... the progidal... my son returns.I was shocked when he told me he was transferring to Stamford. It's like the firemen. You don't leave your brothers behind, even if you find out that there is a better fire in Connecticut.Yeah! Wow, I didn't expect that. It's good to see you too!Hey!Ah.Jan? Look, I think we need to set some ground rules.The eight-hundred pound gorilla in the room. Carol. I'm still dating her, so nothing can happen between us at the convention.Thank you for being so brave with all of this. Thank you.I know! That is specifically why I chose a room close to the elevator. More foot traffic.That is crooked on that side.Hey hey!Yeah.Well, that's how we do it in Scranton. Or did you forget? There ain't no party like a Scranton party, 'cause a Scranton party don't stop.Hey, well, we have time! One for the road, gentlemen?Wish I was. I love inside jokes. I'd love to be a part of one someday.All right, see you guys down there. Change your mind, come back up.Ugh, that would be gross. It's not even lunch yet.SWAG! Stuff we all get. I basically decorated my condo for free with all of my SWAG.Check it out. Hi, I'm Michael Scott, Dunder-Mifflin.You know what? I'm having a huge blowout tonight, Room 308. Hope you can come.Well, cool! Okay, so... can I tell people you're gonna be there?So maybe. See ya.Because he's afraid to fly.Do you remember me from last year? There's a party in my room, 308, can't miss it, right off the elevator. Tonight. Be there!Yep. Yeah, she's up front.I don't have to, I just know. Yes, hello?[into phone] See you in a bit. Bye-bye. [to Dwight] May I have a moment of your time please?I need you to do something for me.I want you to dig up some dirt on Josh. Find out if there are any skeletons in his attic.And?Business has been pretty crazy around the office.Yeah. Moved Ryan over to your desk.I will call him later with that message.Toby Flenderson is everything that is wrong with the paper industry. Is he why you left?Opportunity, promotion, blah, blah. You know, Jim, those are just words. Have you taken into account other factors, vis-a-vis bosses? Is Josh funnier than I am? Does he even have a girlfriend? Because I have two, basically.Hey, Jan, Jan? Don't worry, I have got the tip.You're welcome.No, that was a different hundred dollar bill.I have generated a lot of interest in my party this evening.The party I'm having tonight in 308. Obviously, you are invited.Any messages for 308? All right.Hey hey, fellers.What's up?Hey, check this out. How about that? A little friendly competition. Stamford versus Scranton.Oh, Jim. Looks like you picked a bad time to defect, my friend.Okay! Excellent. Oh...Shut it. [answering phone] Hey, Pam, what's up? Yep, yech... no. Tell him I will give him general specifics tomorrow, okay? Yes. [to others] Say hi to Pam!Yes. That is Josh and Dwight and Jim. [to others] Pam says hi. [into phone] Have fun on your date! Very good, talk to you later. Bye.You first.Not. It hit the rim. Okay, and... okay. Double or nothing.Well, let's...Come on!Come on!Fine.Jim and I have different definitions of friendship. I think it's talking and being friends, and Jim thinks it's moving to Connecticut and being best friends with Josh. Well, phooey on that. I, uh, I'm done. I am not going to be speaking with him anymore. Whatevs. Long-distance relationships never work.Okay, let me tell you what we're looking for.Sorry, my meeting ran late.Yes, Jan, really. With a rep from HammerMill.Used to be. Evan will call you in the morning to work out the details. We can now sell HammerMill products.Yeah, well, maybe next time you will estimate me.Hey, first guest! You are going to have some tequila, my friend.This is the party.Party central! So, what can I do you for? [Guy leaves] All right.People have been filtering in and out.What?Sure. You like Cosmos?Sure, sounds good. So why are you here? Is Josh busy?I get it! No, no, I totally get it. He made a better paper airplane, Stamford is better in sales... I get it. We had some fun. We had some laughs. And that's just...I'm not better than Josh.Oh my God. You don't even know. She's single now.I'm sorry, man. I'm sorry. Hey, you know what? I will talk to her.Yeah.I will. I'll talk to her. You should at least talk to Roy. I mean, he knows exactly how you're feeling.Hey! No, you know, people have been filtering in and out.Evan, this is Jim.Hey, Ernie, how ya doing?Best friends.Some people need dozens of friends to say, 'Hey, look at me, I'm popular.' But not me. I'm very picky. I need three, maybe two. When you meet that someone special, you'll just know. Because a real relationship, it... it can't be forced. It should just come about effortlessly.Now, would you do the pleasure of hitting the lights, sir? [lights go out, leaving Michael's black light on] Ha, ha, ha.Whoa. What are those stains?Oh, God, I hope it's urine.Today I'm headed to Philadelphia for the annual Northeastern Office Supply Convention. [makes horns gesture and heavy metal scream] Wooo-yaaaaah! Oh, these things tend to be kind of crazy.[Angela enters Michael's office] Ah.Per-diem. [singing as he signs] Perrrr-diiiiieeeemmmm! [shows off $100 bill to Ryan] You know, Ryan, it's all about the Benjamins.[points to door] Right there.Yes. What? Oh, yeah, have Pam give those to me.Sure you don't want to come?Gonna be fun! Change your mind we can get you a cot.A couple of years ago, I went to one in Hartford. 'Connecticut.' And Todd Packer and I went to this bar and met a girl. And [laugh] Packer decides to make out with her. Turns out that her boyfriend is the bouncer at the bar. [laugh] I love this. The bouncer chases us out to Packer's Vette, jump in the Vette, heSee that factory?I almost worked there.Yup. Yeah, I applied for a job there.I was going to be a bottle capper.I know, I know. Crazy world. Crazy, crazy world.Josh reminds me of a guy I went to high school with. Big football star, girls loved him. Whatever. Guess what he's doing now. He's a TV announcer for the Eagles. Up in the... [laughs] He doesn't even get to play in the game, I mean.[waiting on Pam to be done with the microwave] Ahhhhhhhhh. [whispering loudly] I'm hungry.Movie Monday!  The only cure I know for the Monday blues is... Varsity Blues!Let's gooooo! Let's go, let's go, let's go!Alright, everybody here?  Yes.Yes pleeeeease!  Thank yooouuu!Entourage!Kevin, would you like to do the scenes from last week?Don't whine.  Get the window. [Dwight exhales]Previously on Varsity Blues...[Jan walks in on Movie Monday] Hi Jan!  Hope you brought the Milk Duds!People work faster after...No... they have to... to make up for the time they lost watching the movie.Ok.Ouchy.Three hours, wow.  Have fun.  [Dwight walks away staring through the blinds at Michael]Hi.Oh.  That's nice....what?...you were at the dentist?Ok.What was Dwight thinking?  That he could turn Jan against me?  She's my ex-lover!  ...ish.Hey Dwight.Do you want an M&M?No seriously.  You should have an M&M, they're really good.They're good, huh?Hey.  I thought you weren't supposed to eat anything for a couple hours after you've had a crown put in.Sounds like a good dentist.What's his name?Your dentist's name is Crentist.Huh.  Sounds a lot like dentist.Let me see your teeth.  Let me see 'em.  Let me see 'em.You should... floss.[exhales] Well then... I am glad you're ok.Business is like a jungle.  And I... am like a tiger.  And Dwight, is like a monkey, that stabs the tiger in the back with a stick.  Does the tiger fire the monkey?  Does the tiger transfer the monkey to another branch?  [smiling] Pun.  There is no way of knowing what goes on inside the tiger's head.  We don't have the technology.Dwight, can I talk to you for a second?[in Michael's office] Wow, this is tough.Ohhhh.  Arrrgggh!Well, I just got off the phone with Jan.  And um... she demoted me.Yeah. You know what the craziest part of this is? She demoted me to your job!And she said that you should be expecting a call later from corporate, and that um, I guess that means that you are going to be acting manager of Dunder Mifflin, Scranton.I know.  I told her I didn't know whether you'd wanna do it... because you've always been so loyal to me.  You've been my most trusted ally.Yep, I did.  I did.  But I think... you should do it.[exhales] Perfect, well, we're settled.All right.  Well then, you are now acting manager of Dunder Mifflin Scranton Branch, and I... am assistant regional manager.Ohh..[muttering] Can't you?  That's so nice.Well... I guess we should go tell the troops.Hey, hi, hello.  Everybody, I have some good news, and I have some bad news.  I... am being replaced, as your leader, by Dwight.You might think that I am kidding, and I understand that.Because, Dwight... never lies.Because that's all it takes.Ok, Dwight, would you like to say a few words to everybody... about loyalty?Oh, I'll be fine.No, no, I don't, but---I... won't.   I won't.Well, I guess it's time, that I turn over the keys, to the famous Sebring.It's a corporate lease Dwight, you've earned it.What?But you said you liked it.  You've always admired it.[Michael finally breaks] Take it back.That's my car.THAT'S MY CAR.I know, Dwight.  I know.  I know.  I know.Jan called me about your little meeting!I know, what you did.  I made the whole thing up, Dwight.Oh do you?  Do you like the Sebring--- HOW DARE YOU?!  How dare you, Dwight?Give me one good reason why I should fire you RIGHT HERE ON THE SPOT?!Not.  Good.  Enough!I have a laundry machine!I don't know if I can trust you anymore.You can get up.  Get up. [Dwight gets up with spit hanging from his lips] And you can hug it out, bitch.  [Dwight and Michael have a firm embrace]Hug it out, bitch.  That is what men say to each other, after a fight.  They hug it out, and doing so, the just... let it go.  And walk away.  And they're done.  Not a good idea to say that to a woman however.  I have found.  It doesn't translate.Yep.  Yeah, we hugged it out.  But, it turns out, I was still a little angry.  So, I felt I needed to punish him, just a little bit more, [cut to Dwight standing on a box with 'LIAR' written on a piece of paper hung around his neck, Dwight's head hung in shame] and I'm making him do my laundry for a year.Okay. [Jan leaves Michael's office; Dwight enters]It is not your business, Dwight.What do you know about management, Dwight?I'm not firing anyone.... What?Okay. Here we go. Everybody, you know what? It dawned on me we were all in there watching a movie together before we were so rudely interrupted, Let's get back in there. [no takers] Come on. Movie Monday! Come on, Stanley let's go.Ryan?Okay, well, we had scheduled this time to watch a movie together, so I guess I will just go play some online Scrabble.So, she sleeps with him, but she is still in love with the head surgeon, um, the McDreamy guy, and she starts crying, but the dorky doctor, he's in love with her... [phone rings]Really?Hey Ryan, can I get you a pencil from the warehouse?Oh, it's okay, I'm going down.All right, I'll be right back. [goes down pretend stairs][hands Ryan pencil]  There you go.You're welcome.Don't mind if I do.  See you in a minute.  [goes back down pretend stairs and grabs pen from Stanley's desk]There you go, fresh from the warehouse.There's coffee in the kitchen, Pam.[breathless] All right.  Okay. [goes back down pretend stairs, crawls on belly to the kitchen for the coffee]I am like Bette Midler in For the Boys.  Gotta keep the troops entertained.[sighs] All right.Oookay.  Let me see if I have his cell.  Is this the only reason you are calling, Jan?  Or does somebody miss me?Oh, wow.Attention, everybody.  I just received a call from corporate with some news they felt that I should know first.  My old boss Ed Truck has died.Yes, I am.  It's very sad.  Because he was my boss.That's right, you worked with him.  So did Creed.  Well, I'll be in my office in case anybody wants to drop by.  Cheer me up.So did you hear the news?Yeah.Oh, gosh, what can anybody do, really?  It's... pssssh... .  He was almost 70.  Circle of life.[holds out arms to Pam]Yeah.  Mmmmmm.Yeah.  Must really have you thinkin'.The older you get, the bigger the chance is you're gonna die.  You knew that.What?Oh my God.That is just not the way a Dunder Mifflin manager should go, I'm sorry.  Alone, out of the blue, and not even have his own head to comfort him.[clears throat] So, I'm not exactly sure how to say this...What are you doing?I didn't... he was driving on the road and he went under a truck.  And that's when his head was separated from the rest of him.  And I will let you know more as soon as I find out.I don't understand. We have a day honoring Martin Luther King, but he didn't even work here.You really don't get it, do you?  You don't understand these people.  That is the last thing that they would want is a day off.[thoughtfully] A statue.Yeah.Well, I think it would be very realistic, it would look just like him.We could have his eyes light up, we could have his arms move...I think that is a great way to honor Ed.Life-size.Well, we are talking about how to properly honor a man who gave his life as regional manager of this company, Jan.Mm hm.Oh do you?  You know who wished they could get back to work is Ed Truck.But Ed truck can't because he is---DEAD.That's perfect.Oohh... can you imagine how much blood there was?  If it happened right here, it would reach all the way to reception.  Probably get on Pam.What?Well, you know what?  I didn't wanna hear about it either, Stanley, but I did and now I can't stop picturing it.  He leaves work, he's on his way home... wham!  His cappa is detated from his head!Well, you know what?  There's something wrong with you.  There is something wrong with everybody in here.  Because we have lost a member of our family and you don't wanna talk about it, you don't wanna think about it, you just wanna get back to work!There are five stages to grief, which are [glancing at computer screen] denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance.  And right now, out there, they're all denying the fact that they're sad.  And that's   hard.  And it's making them all angry.  And it is my job to try to get them all the way through to acceptance.  And if not acceptance, then just depression.  If I can get them depressed, then I'll have done my job.I am going to throw you this ball.  When you catch the ball, I want you to say the name of a person very important to you, somebody really special who died, and then I want you to say how they died, and you may cry if you like, that is encouraged.  Let me just start.  Let me show you how this works.   I catch the ball.  I lost Ed Truck.  And... it feels like somebody took my heart and dropped it into a bucket of boiling tears... and at the same time, somebody else is hitting my soul in the crotch with a frozen sledgehammer... and then a third guy walks in and starts punching me in the grief bone... and I'm crying, and nobody can hear me, because I am terribly, terribly... terribly alone.Okay, fine.  Hurry back.[as Pam returns to conference room] Okay, we can start.  Um...Yeah.  Pam, you're a member of this family.  So we will wait for our family members. Phyllis, you wanna give it a shot?Okay, why don't you throw the ball to somebody else.[returning ball to Stanley] Oh, yes Stanley.  Come on.  Your turn, you have to go.Okay... I'm going to toss the ball to Pam.Wow.  If you wanna cry, that's okay.Do you want to talk about it anymore?Wait a second.  That's Weekend at Bernie's. [upset] Do you think that this is a game?All right, we're starting over.You are not leaving.  No!  We are not done.Yeah.  Well, you know what?  The guy who had my job has died.  And nobody cares!  And he sat at my desk. [breaking down]How do you know?That that bird was dead?  Did you check its breathing?Was its heart beating, Toby?  Did you check it?  No, of course you didn't.  You're not a veterinarian.  You don't know ANYTHING! [runs out of conference room crying][seeing bird] Oh, God!Oh my God!  Oh my God, come on ...Oh shhhh--oot!No, he's not.No, he's not. [cradling bird next to face]Well, you can't get diseases from a bird!We don't know if it's dead.Attention everybody.  This will only take a second of your time.  Today at 4 p.m. we will be meeting in the parking lot to have a funeral service for this bird.Well, I'm sorry to inconvenience you, Meredith.  But that is what you do when things die.  You honor them.  Toby killed this bird.  And now we are going to honor it.No, no, no!  That's enough!  You know what?  This bird is dead.  He died alone.  The least you can do is be there for him now. [to Dwight] Find a box for him.It's okay.  It's okay. [pats Kelly on shoulder] Shh... yes, I know, I know. It's been a tough day, but it's good to let it show.What are... What are you doing?No, God, no it's not!  What is the matter with you?  Is that the beak!?Glad you could all make it.Dwight, do you have the box?You made this?  Wow. [impressed] That's... that's very nice.Yes.Shhh.Society teaches us that  having feelings and crying is bad and wrong. Well, that's baloney, because grief isn't wrong. There is such a thing as good grief. Just ask Charlie Brown.Oh, wow. He...Does his family know?But I'm the first in the office?Okay, yes, sure, I will do that......'Cause I'm the first to to find out. Nobody else knows and it is my responsibility to tell them. Well, good. How are you holding up? Want me to come over? [Jan hangs up]Ed Truck died. And it blows. They say that with grief, time makes it worse, which is bad for me because I found out before anybody so I've had more time to be sad.I would like you all to clear your schedules this afternoon, because I am telling corporate to send in a grief counselor. We need to find out what is blocking you. And that way, we'll be able to honor Ed the way he deserves to be honored. May he rest in peace.What was that, Kevin?No, you said something, didn't you?You think that's funny.You are disgusting.No, that can't be right.Well, then I guess that makes you about the worst grief counselor in the world, doesn't it?You're ruining it, already. They should not be given the choice.Wow. Wow. No. No. You are the most heartless, soulless person I've ever met.No. No. Shh. Enough. It is going to take me hours to undo all the damage that your have done here. Dwight, Ryan, I want you to take the table out. We're gonna go on a five minute break, and when you come back, we're going to start with a clean slate, and, in the interim, I would like you to forget everything that Toby has said, okay?I don't think I'm overstating it when I say that Toby is a plague on this company. And he is worthless. You give people a chance to shine and they blow it, just like you knew they would. Grief counseling is not about, 'Are you hungry? Would you like a sandwich?' These people are so far gone, you have to stick a food tube down their throats.Okay, part of the problem was that Toby talked at you. Now, I am going to talk with you. First off, I want you to be comfortable, because you really can't grieve if you're all tight and buttoned up. So, guys, loosen your ties, just take your jackets off if you want. Ladies, let your hair down. You know what? Even take your shoes off. I wanna get personal and I want you all to really open up. And I want you to know that anything and everything can be said.I found an exercise in Toby's binder that he managed to miss, that involves screening the part of you that says, 'I don't wanna do that. I don't wanna talk about that. That is too private.' Here's how it works. I'm going to throw you this ball.[in his office playing with a Dunder Mifflin Truck when it drops and the 'head' of the Truck comes off]That's... Hold it, hold it, hold it. Start, like, right in there. [Dwight digs hole in ground] Just dig.Okay, give it to me. You don't know what you're doing. All right. [Michael starts digging]Nothing. Let's just... all right. [talks to warehouse guys] Guys, do you have a box we could use?Uhhh... nothing.Yeah, nothing. How was your day?Wow. Well. Ok. I don't care how your day was either, Jan. I was just asking you because you asked me. Why do you set me up like that?I worked. And then I went home to my condo. And Carol came over. And then we had sex. Is that what you want to hear?Never ever, ever sleep with your boss. I am so lucky that Jan and I only got to second base.Hey Koselli, the Kos. Cosby. Hey hey hey. I love Jello Pudding Pops. My son, Theo, loves Jello Pudding Pops too.Productivity is important but how can I be productive if I have this one little thing in my brain? That I cannot get out. And that one little thing is a soft pretzel. So I'm just going to have my soft pretzel, then I'll get to work, and I'll be super productive. Look out for me.[looks at long pretzel line] Oh, shhh... Come on.Uh huh.[Phyllis embraces Bob ahead in line] Hey, hey, hey! Phyllis, what are you doing?No, I think you're cutting in line.No, I'm not going to settle down.Get in the back please.Boooooo. Thank you. [hi-five's Stanley]. That's right.No cuts. Oh, Pam. Just the woman I'd like to see. You read my mind.I thought that maybe you could wait in line for me while I go to the bathroom. You're an angel.Because I like them a certain way, and if it gets screwed up, then whole thing is blown.Pam, productivity starts with patience and determination. I'll be back.Hi. Please tell me that you have a sweet pretzel left.Thank God.Is there anyway that you could do all, all of them?All right! Thank you!Mr. Kosseli. Hey hey hey, the Cos. What's going on? Do we have a deal? Deal or no deal? Let's make a deal. So what is the deal?Oh! Hey! Everyone, I am officially streamlining the efficiency of this corporation. Second...Yes, second, Toby. Second, I am insisting on increased accountability from every single one of you.And I will be taking questions.Carmel Dip. But, one question at a time please. Phyllis, Stanley. I want you to switch desks, I'm going to reorganize and restructure the physical layout of the office to maximize everything! I think we're getting a lot done, don't you? On paper at least. And we are, after all, a paper company. Are we not, are we not, are we not? Are you with me, are you with me? Thank you very much!Hey, what time is it?AM or PM?Oh, good.Oh. Koselli. With the Jello.Yes. Right. Good.Goodnight!Well, that's really not the way I roll, because sometimes I'm in the zone, and sometimes I'm in the zoning out.Do you want me to go on Amazon and order you a slang dictionary? Cause I'll do it.Yes, big if.A woman spurned.I always do.If you lay a finger...Would you look at that? [Hugs Ryan] [Dwight attempts hug] Damn it, Dwight! Come on.9:00 to 10:00, checked in with receptionist. Met with Jan, RE: log. Lost log. Found log.' '10:00 to 11:00, light salad, three points.' That's on the wrong page.Okay. That sounds good. [puts banana in toy mouth that's in his mouth] [laughs] Yes. Actually, today's a good day to do that.What makes them so good?I mean, they're just dough twisted up with some candy. They taste so good in my mouth.Nice dress, Ryan.[laughing] OK.Tonight, one of our most ethnic co-workers, Kelly, has invited us all to a Diwali celebration put on by her community. What is Diwali, you may ask? Well, to have Kelly explain it [girly voice] it's ada blah blah blah, it's so super fun and it's going to be great. [normal voice] Lot of gods with unpronounceable names. Twenty minutes later you find out that is essentially a Hindu Halloween.How come you didn't get me one?Hey. Hey. Stop that. That is offensive. Indians do not eat monkey brains. And if they do... sign me up... because I am sure that they are very tasty and nutritional.It's important that this company celebrates its diversity. And you know what, Stanley? Come Kwanzaa time, I have got you covered, baby.Wha? Really? You should! It's fun.I love the people here. And if there was one thing I di... don't really care for is that they can be terribly, terribly ignorant about other cultures. And I don't want them embarrassing me in front of my girlfriend, Carol.Diwali is a very important holiday for the Hindus. But, frankly, I'm a little appalled that none of you know very much about Indian culture. So, without further ado, Kelly you are on.Kelly?Um... why don't you tell us a little bit about the origins of the holiday.All right, all right, all right, all right. This isn't 'Lord of the Rings'.Now, a lot of people say that Kelly is one in a million and that's true, but it's also not true. Because, frankly, there are literally billions of people just like Kelly in the world.  Here are some famous Indians. [slide show] Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar. He is a Nobel prize-winning physicist. Impressive. Apu from the Simpsons. Hilarious. Indian. M. Night Shyamalan. 'The Village', 'Unbreakable', 'Sixth Sense', 'Sig... 'Okay. Spoiler... alert.Just stop it. [slide of Michael & Carol kissing] What's the... oh, whoa! [laughs] Where did that come from?And another thing about the Indian people... they love sex positions. I present to you the Kama Sutra. I mean look at that. Who's seen that before?Thank you, Kevin.Well, I find it beautiful.No...No, You're not going to collect them.No. This is delightful, charming culture.My Indian Culture Seminar was going great until Toby decided that he was too immature to deal with culturally explicit images. It's just sex. People... everybody does it. I'm doing it... with Carol! Probably tonight.[points at woman] What does that look like to you?No one's even going to notice.Hey, Kevin. It's a costume. Why don't you just cool it, okay? Carol? Carol.I'll have one of those as well. Thank you very much. Now these are limes, lemons, onions...Oh, yuck. [spits out food]No. These s'mores are disgusting.Do you think they have any s'mores?All they are is chocolate, graham cracker, and marshmallow. How difficult would that have been?Wow, thirty years? And you two only met once before the wedding night?Wow.Oh! She's not a cheerleader. She thought this was a costume party! Um... no, we're not married... yet!She is. Very fair and very kind. So... um... tell me, is your marriage the kind of thing where when you die she has to throw herself on a fire? No? Okay. It's still very cool. Ok. Thanks!I'm going to be. [to DJ] Hi, I'm just going to get this for a sec... just a sec. [speaks in microphone] Um... everyone? I'm sorry, could I have your attention, please. Thank you. Ah-hah... Hi. Sorry. I just have an announcement to make. Um... okay. I have learned a lot about Indian culture tonight. But I have learned even more about love. And I know you're all thinking 'who is this crazy gringo and what is he talking about?' Well, I'm not crazy. Maybe I'm crazy in love. So without further ado, Carol? Carol Stills. I would like you to do me the honor of making me your husband.What do you say?I didn't hear you. [laughs][lowers microphone] Oh, you've got to be kidding me. Okay.No. I get it. I get it. You're not ready. We'll wait. This is a classic...Yeah, well, but I ... I feel like I've known you many lifetimes. Maybe I'm Hindu after all. Okay, I'm not Hindu, but... Carol. Carol, I just... I feel like... I just like you so much.Yes.Ok. Okay. Good night. [louder] Hey, you know what? Why don't I come with you. Cause I've got this book called the Kama Sutra.All right. Good night.Oh, God! [chokes on food] Oh. Wow.That's so spicy.Oh. You waiting for a call?Wow. Pam. When Carol said 'No.' tonight, I think I finally realized how you must be feeling. We are both the victims of broken engagements.I was in that marriage arena, though.Yeah. Uuuuh... well.We're so alike. So alike. [leans in to kiss her]What are you doing?I'm... what? I didn't[scoffing noises] Can I have a ride home?These are not my shoes. This is just like that show 'Taxi Cab Confessions'.Sorry.This is going out to Indians everywhere. It's a tribute to one of the greats... Mr. Adam Sandler. [sings] Diwali is a festival of lights. Let me tell you something. Tonight has been one crazy night. So put on your saris, it's time to celebrate Diwali. Everybody looks so jolly. But it's not Christmas, it's Diwali. The goddess of destruction Kali stopped by to celebrate Diwali. Don't invite any zombies to a celebration of Diwali. Along came Polly to have some fun at Diwali. If you're Indian and you love to party, have a  happy, happy, happy, happy Diwali. Happy Diwali!How do I explain this to Jan?Oh, please, stop talking. Three words or less.An Indian Halloween. Okay, great. [to phone] Pam, could you put Jan on, please?Hello, Jan.Well, I was letting everybody go to the big Diwali party.What is Diwali?You don't know what Diwali is? Wow, Jan. I'm surprised. It's the Hindu festival of lights. I just assumed you'd be familiar with it. It's the most sacred and honored Hindu holiday in the world. It's like Christmas, Easter, and Halloween------rolled into one.I bet you're not even aware that our own Kelly Kapoor, who works in...... customer service is a Hindu person.And.Yeah.You do?Oh, I dunno about that.For Kelly, that seems a bit much.[hangs up]Yeah, you should see her naked.I had promised Carol a romantic evening on the town. Um, I wanted to take her on this spooky hay ride thing, but it was like seventy dollars a person, and she's allergic to hay. So I said, 'Pop a Claritin, and I will spot you the seventy bucks,' and she's like 'I don't like to borrow money or take unnecessary medication.'  And I'm like, 'Well you're really not gonna like what I slipped in your drink last night.' And she's like, 'What the hell are you talking about?' And I'm like, 'I'm kidding. I didn't put a roof...' [cracks himself up] ... We laughed so hard... It was hilarious... oh... [calms down] So yes, I'm very excited about the Diwali party.And perhaps the most important person to Indian culture, Sir Ben Kingsley. Because of him, the British left India, and then he became an actor like Ronald Reagan.Yeah?So, any questions?There she is - Jan Levinson. First......thing in the morning. Love to start my morning with a hearty bowl of Jan.[singing] Just call me Levinson in the morning, baby.Yes.I don't understand.On whom's authority?What?You're welcome.Am I a small number person or a severance package person?Oh... [burrys head in hands] Oh, my god. Oh, my god! I don't really get it 'cause we're not doing that bad and our numbers are gonna come up.Well...Oh, you gotta be... Josh?Oh really, what role is that? King of the stupid universe?It is an outrage, that's all. It's... hey're making a huge, huge mistake. Let's see Josh replace these people. Let's see Josh find another Stanley. You think Stanleys grow on trees? Well they don't. There is no Stanley tree. Do you think the world is crawling with Phyllises? Show me that farm. With Phyllises and Kevins sprouting up all over the place. Ripe for the plucking. Show me that farm.Pictures. Memories. [Picks up a framed photo of Stanley's daughter from Stanley's desk] Look at that. They grow up so fast.Don't say that. That just sounds weird. Please.Well... we have nothin to talk about, Dwight. Just do your work ... while you still can.Yeah, great! Amazing. Best physical condition of my life.Nothing. Just checking in. I can't tell you, so...Nothing, Pam.[whispers to himself] What difference does it make?  We'll be gone in a couple of weeks anyway.What?Do I have any messages?Ok, ok...[facing the whole office] Listen up, everybody... I have some news. We are screwed. Dunder-Mifflin, Scranton is being shut down.You knew about this all along, didn't you?Traitor. You are a traitor.I don't know. Probably not. This is the worst.Darryl. Noble Darryl. [sighs]I know, I know. Well, I'll land on my feet. Don't worry about me.So, you'll be okay too. You're a warrior. You're smart, capable. You'll find something else and...Awesome.This is my house. The CFO is taking away my house and giving it to Josh. And Josh is giving the garage to Bob Vance.All right, listen up. Some of you may have heard some rumors about the branch closing. But, I am not going to take this lying down. I have a plan and I am going to save our jobs. So just hang in there. [Looks at  Dwight] Let's go.Yes. This might get ugly. I need backup.Go to New York, confront the CFO, show him he's making a mistake... save the branch.No... way.No. There's no one else.Okay, okay. Um...Why?You sent him cards? You never met him.Okay, this is it. [runs up the stairs of CFO's house, with Dwight] This is exactly what Michael Moore does, famous documentarian. He goes up to people with a camera and he's like 'Why did you do this? Why did you pollute? You are bad. You're a bad person.' It's very dramatic.  Although, I can't say I was a big fan of  'Bowling for Columbine', because I thought it was going to be a bowling movie, like 'Kingpin'. And it wasn't. It was something else.I will improvise. I will speak from the heart.All right.Yes, but these are employees, Sir. These are human beings.[no longer talking to Dwight as Wallace] Stop... stop it! Just, okay. He's not going to say any of that.Because he'd be intimidated and I, just... let's start again. Just be more scared of me, okay?Don't touch me this time.Excuse me, Mr. Wallace?[takes bottle and cleans off cap with his tie]The office.No, not until I have some good news for them. Not until I have some good news.Anything?What if this doesn't work? What is the office actually goes under?[pats Dwight and sighs] All right, favorite moments in Dunder-Mifflin history. Go.That was hilarious. The foam ...Oh, right. Okay, that's enough. That's good.Oh, hmm, all of them. I loved them all. Every single one.God, Dwight!What are we still doing here? It's over. Let's go home. Get the car.Oh, this was such a stupid idea! This was so stupid. I am such a stupid idiot. I let everybody down. Everybody hates me. I lost everybody's jobs. Nobody likes me anymore!What?!We did it? We did it.Right here! Right here! [pounds his chest against Dwight's]Yeah, baby!We did it!How did we do it?I don't understand.Here... Who's here?Yes, please.Karen Filip... [In Italian voice] Ka-ren Fili-pell-li.Okay.My branch is absorbing the Stamford branch. Or, as I like to put it, my family is doubling in size. That's all I'm going to say about it because I have a gigantic performance ahead of me. And I have to get into my head and focus. [exhales]Who's next?Andy Bernard.Saint Bernard.What?I'm not...I'm not firing somebody on the first day.Got the food? Good! Looky-looky-looky. What I want you to do... set it up in the conference room, please. Make it look nice. As if you are trying to impress a much older man who's way out of your league.Ah! Ding-ding-ding-ding-ding. Our first arrival. Welcome to Scranton. This is Hannah Smoterich-Barr.Welcome to our humble abode. Follow me to your desk. Your ball and chain is right over here.You know for a lot of these people this is the only family they have. So...  As far as I'm concerned, [holds up WORLD'S BEST BOSS mug] this says 'World's Best Dad'.Ah! There he is Tony... what's your last name?Gardner! I knew that. There you go. Gift bag... for you. [laughs] Okay.Well, they're just for guests. If there are any left over, you can buy one later.Wh..and coupons... to various hot spots around Scranton. [to Tony] All right! Let me show you to your area, sir. Come on, big guy.Welcome.Welcome, welcome, welcome! [in robot voice] Take me to your leader. Oh wait, I am your leader.Mmm... dah. I am actually your boss, Michael Scott. Welcome. Wow! You are very exotic looking. Was your dad a G.I. or uh?Ah! You must be Andy Bernard. Aloha and welcome!A-ha-ha-ho. Very good! Welcome to our little kingdom. Ah, we have a bag of nifty gifties for you.Oh.They are nifty! They're nifty gifties.You know who I really like? Is this guy Andy Bernard. He has got this very likable way about him.[to Jim] No way. Get him out of here. We don't want any of this kind in here. Good to see you, man.[to Martin] How are you? Martin Nash, I presume? This is a little gift bag for you.Free of charge. Follow me, I will show you where all the slaves work. [shakes head] Not... so, your desk is...Right.[talking to himself] I present the orientation video.Not now.I told you the titles are irrelevant. They just relate to pay scale.It is not a matter of more or less. Your pay is just different. Okay? All right! Show time, part one.I don't care! Dwight! You all report to me! That's all that matters! The rest of it just work out amongst yourselves, ok?Work it out amongst your selves!Please! I have a company to run. Well, you let me run the company?Will you?Please?Okay. Everybody settled in? Good. Why don't we all proceed in to the conference room? Or, should I say, the banquet hall. For... drum roll, please [makes drum roll noises], the official Merger Day All-Family Welcome Breakfast. Come on in!Yoko shack.Nope, no. Guests only.Nope. Um... for the guests it is. For you, consider it cow-meat. Strictly taboo.Well, then... consider it poisoned beef. No touchy.No, it's not beef... just... sit down, please. [talks to group] Welcome. Help yourself.Wrong. Toby, this is an orientation not a borientation.[talks to group] Okay. Do not worry. All of your questions are about to be answered. Cell phones and pagers off, please.Let's face it. Moving to a new job can be very stressful. So I have made an orientation video especially for you newcomers. But it's not like any orientation video that any of you have ever seen. It's funny. It's got a little bit of a zing to it and I hope that it gives you a flavor of what we're all about here at Dunder Mifflin. And what we're all about here in Scranton. So let's just all laugh together and watch 'Lazy Scranton'.Sittin' in my office with a plate of grilled bacon, call my man Dwight just to see what was shakin'.So check out how we liveThey call it Scranton.The Electric City. Scranton.The Electric City. Call poison control if you're bit by a spider.[in video] I am so scared... when people don't label their personal food.You like coal mines and you wanna see 'em, Well, check it out, yo, the Anthracite Museum! Plenty of space in the parking lot,[on video in background] Spot. Scranton. What? The Electric City. Scranton.What? The Electric City. Scranton. What?Well, so far, I think it is killin'. I thought it would either be an 'A' or an 'A+' but I completely forgot that there's an 'A++'.Oh-kay. Sorry to interrupt. I...All right.Okay.What is that? A squid's eye or...How did you...People hate people that are different from them. That's natural. But you know what makes people forget their differences?  A great show. That is why I created the 'Integration Celebration'. This is the moment when Scranton and Stamford come together as one. United in applause.I know what a lot of you must be thinking. 'Wow! What a day! Feels more like a night at a party than a day at work.' Well, in my opinion, business should feel like a night out. A night... at... the Roxbury. Okay. There's supposed to be music and it's... I got it, I got it! I got it. Dwight! Just.Ssshh stupid! Um...That's it!Yes, yes! Okay!Okay, here we go.Oh!Oh! Oh! Oh!Scuse me! Scuse me!You me? You me? Me you? You! You! You me! Bow Bow Bow!You me? You me? Me you me! You! You! You me you! You! Oh my nose so itchy, why's my nose so itchy![laughs hysterically] Okay, I told you these guys had a sense of humor.Okay! Okay!All right, all right, I'm on a roll.Why are the new people on the table? To show them that we are not above them.Not today. No. Tony! Please join your cohorts on the table if you would.I understand. We're all friends.Oh, well. Just use the momentum of your lower half to hoist yourself up.You know what? I'll help. I will...Don't be shy! Dwight! Let's do this!Come on. We're doing this thing! Let's get up.Bend at the knees. Okay, here we go. Here we go. I'm under this... I'm under this hock here. I don't know what I'm grabbing here.We've almost got it. Push it! Push it!I'm right in your crack!Up and over.Up and over.You've got it.You've got it, you've got it.Whoa Whoa Whoa! Okay.Easy.Don't...What...I don't understand.Well, we'll squeeze you in.You can't quit! On the first day. That's [deep voice] heresy, my friend! [regular voice] Okay, let's talk about this. What happened? I mean, what... Was it Toby? Did he say something? Cause he's... what?My management style? So... didn't you think 'Lazy Scranton' was funny?Okay. Well, don't bother quitting because you're fired.You are fired! I'm sorry, but we don't have quitters on this team! Just clean out your desk!Don't try to apologize to me, man! It's too late. Just get out! Take your bad vibes with you.Probably the best advice you ever gave me, Dwight.Whoa, Angela! Hold on. Hooters is a restaurant. With over 400 locations worldwide.No. We do have to get along. Can't we all just get along? Or have we forgotten the words of the Reverend King.The word merger comes from the word marriage. And that was what today was supposed to be. The loving union between people. Instead, it has become like when my Mom moved in with Jeff. And once again, it becomes my job to fix it.Hey! Hey, everybody! Something happened! Those guys from Vance Refrigeration, they let the air out of our tires.Yeah! They punk'd us! They punk'd us good! Come on. Come on!Man, they got us so bad. We cannot let them get away with this. We have got to pull together as one and steal their refrigerators.Yeah.Go home, Toby. Just...Why? I will tell you why. Because they saved the worst for me. They put a hate note under my windshield wiper. Check this out. It's so hateful. [reads note] 'You guys SUCK! You can never pull together as one and revenge us. That is why you SUCK!'No. No, no, no. No.  You are falling for it. You're playing right into their hands. This is just what they want you to do. Don't, oh...THIS IS EGREGIOUS! This is egregious!See that? Mission accomplished. Like a bunch of fourth graders. Sometimes, what brings the kids together is hating the lunch lady. Although that'll change. Because, by the end of the fourth grade, the lunch lady was actually the person I hung out with the most. [answers phone] Jell-o!Hi, Jan!I did. Major personnel crises averted. Compliment accepted.Yes.But do you realize that that was actually Dwight's idea? Bad advice from my Number Two.What?Yes, I know that. For, I do read the memos.So after a great deal of thought and introspective-shun, I have decided to make Jim my new Number Two.Uh... that I have not decided yet.Thank you, Andy. That's... very kind. Thanks.Shut it...Shut it! That's... [whispers to camera] suck up!And this is, don't tell me, Martin... Ne... Ne...Nack.Martin Nash. Okay.Good.What are you talking about?All right, just...Smiles.Good, what's funny?Oh, nicknames, yay! Penguin power.Good.Hey, girls. What's happening? Startinng to blend? Well, before long, you guys keep hanging out, you guys you are gonna share the same menstrual cycle.Can't we all get along?  No, we can't. But here's the thing: yes, we can. Well, why not? Because of differeneces. Well, can we overcome these differences?  No. Can we find each other and connect with each other in spite of these differences? No, we can't. But, we have to try and that is why I created the Integration Celebration.I need somebody to pick a card. [Dwight raises hand] One of the new people, please? Tony? [Tony walks away]All right. Good. Thank you. [Andy picks a card] Do not look at your card. Now, I've always said that to be a great salesman is to have the ability to connect with people right here [puts hand over heart]. So to be a great salesman is to be a king of hearts. Turn over your card.So I think in order for us all to work together well we must come together as a family and then we can all be [starts to fan out the rest of his cards facing the group showing kings of hearts] a king of hearts.Dwight, don't, don't be a suck up.What I want all of you [points at Scranton branch] to do is approach one of the new people and tell them the one thing that you like most about them. Who wants to start? Who wants to give it a shot?Okay Meredith, let's give it a shot.[clapping] Beautiful. Very good, nice.Okay.We heard it.We heard what you said. You didn't cover it at all.[points at camera] They're gonna have... You can't say that, all right?[clearing throat noise] Idiot. Dwight's an idiot! Did you catch that or did... did the cough cover it?[cleaing throat] You're a jerk. Dwight's a jerk!Ohhh, wow. Look at that. How cute.Ohh. May I?[climbs under desk] Hey, look at me, I'm a baby! I'm one of those babies from 'Look Who's Talking.' What am I thinking? [Laughs] Look at all those staplers! What's a stapler!? I don't even know, I'm a baby! Hey, Mom, I'm thirsty! I'm thirsty, Mama! I want some milk. And you know where milk comes from! Breasts.Yeah, Jan, it um... looks like a check, piece of paper of some sort. Receipt. I don't know.I didn't hire an ex-convict. Unless they mean Toby. Convicted rapist. [Jan sighs] ... I'm just kidding.Hey Jan, speaking of Stamford, Hannah brought in her baby.Hannah?Kuhhhh... you are such a racist.Because you think he's black.Stop it. Stop it right-stop it right now.Why did the convict have to be a black guy? It is such a stereotype. I just wish that Josh had made a more progressive choice. Like a white guy... who went to prison for... polluting a black guy's lake.In our society, a black man can be arrested for almost anything. He was probably at a sporting event and... saw some people pushing each other, and he intervened.Sssssso, what we need to do... is to forget about this whole Martin in prison thing. People will draw unfair conclusions about Martin and or black people.Good. All right. [everyone leaves]Just... try to be cool.Okay, are you cool, really?Um... Martin, from Stamford, was, at one time, in prison. [Dwight starts to run] No. Dwight! Be cool! Be cool!Hey Martin, how's it going?Ah. Good good. Good. Just a second. Everybody? May I have your attention please? I realize that a lot of you have already heard that Martin here has had some trouble with the law, but I just want to declare publicly that I... trust... him, completely, and that anybody who doesn't is an ignorant, dumb... person. Okay? As a matter of fact, you show me a white man you trust and I will show you a black man that I trust even more. Pam. Tell me a white person you trust....Danny Glover. [Jim raises hand] Yeah.Who?Oh. Please. Colin Powell.Yup.Apollo Creed.Close your eyes. Picture a convict. What's he wearing? Nothing special, baseball cap on backwards, baggy pants... he says something ordinary like... 'yo, thats shizzle.' Okay. Now slowly open your eyes again. Who are you picturing? A black man? Wrong. That was a white woman. Surprised? Well, shame on you.No. That's not cool. You don't have to tell them.[laughs] That is awesome.Well, we are running a business, so.Ah. Well. That's not true.No you would not.This place is not prison. It's... way better than prison.Okay! Listen up everybody! Um, you guys said that prison was better than this place, and I heard ya, loud and clear, so, I am instituting some changes to make this more like prison. We are going to start with an hour of outdoor time. So let's go!Why don't we... pump some iron? Anyone wanna... pump up?It's uh... two and a half. I'm not going for bulk, I'm going for tone.Yeah, it's... freaking cold out here. Anybody wants to stay out, you've got about... twenty-seven minutes of rec time.Oh heyyy. Martiiin. You have TV in the joint?Ah. A ten inch black and white?These people don't realize how lucky they are. This office is the American Dream. And they would rather be in the hole.All right everybody, there has been a lot of name calling against our office today. Corporate maligning, slurring, much of it coming from one of you, who claims that prison is better... than... here. And none of can say 'Boo' because none of us have ever been to prison. Well, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Somebody else who has been to prison, who can tell you what it is really like [puts on bandanna]. I'm prison Mike! You know why they call me prison Mike?!Do you really expect me to not push you up against the wall, beeyotch?! [employees protest] All right, hey, hey, hey, hey, that's just the way we talk in the clink. Been a lot of fun talk about prison today, but I am here to scare you straight. I AM HERE TO SCARE YOU STRAIIIGHT!! In prison you are somebody's bitch. Oh, and you. [points to Ryan] You, my friend, would be da belle of da ball. Don't drop the soap! Don't drop the soap!Internet.And prison. Eh, fifty-fifty, both. Look, prison stinks, is what I'm saying. It's not like you can go home, and, recharge your batteries, and come back in the morning and, be with your friends, having fun in the office.I stole. ... And I robbed. And I kidnapped... the... president's son. And held him for ransom.And I nevah got caught, neither.Gruel. Sandwiches. Gruel omelettes. Nothing but gruel. Plus, you can eat your own hair.Yeah. Yeah. Well, thank you, Andy. Tanks.The worst thing about prison was the... was the Dementors. They... were flying all over the place, and they were scary. And they'd come down, and they'd suck the soul out of your body, and it hurt!No, not Harry Potter. ... There are no movies in prison. This is my point! You guys got it soft, and cushy! This place is freaking awesome! The people are awesome! Your boss is nice! Everyone seems to get along! People are tolerant! People who... have jumped to conclusions can redeem themselves! Nobody is nobody's bitch. I hope that this scared you. And from me, Prison Mike, to you, I just wanna thank you for listening to me. Letting me be a part of your life today. 'Cause you got a good life! YOu got a good life. A good life. [turns around, takes bandanna off] So. What do you think? It doesn't sound so great, does it?Okay. Okay, fine. You guys think prison is so great? All right. Well, here you go. [locks employees in conference room]No! If you think is prison is so wonderful, then, enjoy prison! They are such babies. I am going to leave them in there until they can appreciate what it's like to have freedom. And if this doesn't bother them, then I am out of ideas.They were very disrespectful to me, and to the office. And Martin has had a bad influence, to think that I gave him the benefit of the doubt.Okay. You know what Toby? I am teaching them a lesson, so.[unlocks door] Okay nutcases, get out of there! Good work. Long day. Really long. Why don't you guys head home. Early. Time off for good behavior! Heh. Good job. Enjoy your freedoms!Martin went from being a new guy from Stamford... to a convict, to... my friend. Back to a convict. Then to... a kind of a nuisance, actually, to be completely honest. And finally, to... a quitter. And I will not miss him. And that is not because he is black.[Riding a bicycle down the hallway and singing] Deck the halls with boughs of holly. Fa la la la la la la la la. [Struggling to stay on] 'Tis the ... ack. [expletive] Hey! [to Pam] I would like a nice slice of Christmas Pam. Side of candied Pams. And perhaps, some Pam-chops, with mint...I'm looking for the toy drive box.OK...  Well, I need to put this bike in there. I hope it'll fit, with all these little knickknacks.Umm... I don't know? Average kind?Well, that is probably from the test drive.No.Oh, thanks. [Michael and Andy do a fist bump and explosion.]Yes? [Pam holds up a bag] Oh Pam, that is so sweet. You didn't have to do that.OK. Did everybody get one of these?Terrific. Good.This is going to be the best Christmas ever. My girlfriend Carol is coming to our party tonight, and I have a little surprise for her. [singing] I've got two tickets to paradise! Pack your bags, we're leaving the day-after-tomorrow! Um,  taking her to Sandals, Jamaica, all-inclusive. All-inclusive. You know what that means? Right? Yeah.There she is. A Christmas Carol. Hello [kisses Carol] You're about five hours early to the party. You're such a blonde. [laughs]Hey, everybody. I don't know who you haven't met yet, but I think this is one of them. This is my girlfriend - Carol. This is just the front of her. Show 'em, show 'em the other side.Turn around, turn around. Come on. [making a body turning gesture]No, you get outta here.Yes.Thank you.Not as much as I need a moment alone with you. [puts finger on her back and reaches for her butt] Berp.That is my Christmas card. It's a picture of you and me and your kids on a ski trip, having a blast. Ski-sons Greetings.I know.Right.Yes, but what you didn't realize at the time was that I was with you in a sense. I was in your heart...And next to your kids. What?I don't understand?OKNo, no no no Ok, OK, You know what, you're not thinking straight. You know what you need? You need to think this through in [making drum noise] Jamaica's largest fresh water pool.I got us tickets to Sandals, Jamaica, We leave day after tomorrow. [Carol shakes head in disappointment]. You better find the skimpiest bikini there is.And it's all inclusive.Yes.No, Carol. You walk out that door and it is over.I'd like everybody's attention. Christmas is canceled.Keep it up Stanley and you will lose New Year's.Jim, take New Year's away from Stanley.Carol and I split up. Amicably. And I just don't think it would be appropriate to celebrate under the circumstances.Fine! [everybody stops talking] Have your party. Just no guests.Well, you know what Phyllis? All of your guests would have probably canceled at the last minute anyway, leaving your life a stupid rotten mess.Oh, oh, oh, oh, it hurts.It hurts my heart. It hurts my stomach. It hurts my arms.[moves a little] Thanks. How did you push away the bad thoughts?Like maybe, the real reason they left was because there were things they wanted you to do in bed, that were, foreign, and scary?And not that you didn't want to try them. Some wine may have helped. Do you know what I'm referring to?Take it from Toby.Hey, would you like to go to Sandals, Jamaica with me?It's all... [Pam walks away.] OK.What are you doing? ['Goodbye My Lover' by James Blunt plays]Carol?I don't have to buy it. I just want to taste it. I just... I just want a little taste of it.[singing] Goodbye my lover. Goodbye my friend. [hits repeat again]This is an old adage, but they say when you find true love, you know within the first 24 hours. With Carol, I knew within the first 24 minutes of the second day I met her.All right. Nothing here to distract myself with anyway.Hooters?Ah, I need my entourage [both exit Michael's office] Jim. Dwight. Ryan. C'mon, we're going to Asian Hooters.Why not?Ok, feel better.C'mon Jim, let's go.Bros before hos. Why? Because your bros are always there for you. They have got your back after your ho rips your heart out for no good reason. And you were nothing but great to your ho and you told her she was the only ho for you. And that she was better than all the other hos in the world. And then ... and then suddenly she's not yo' ho no mo'.Dwight, just, just leave them alone please. They're on a date. They look very happy.Carol used to drink lattes.She would get this little foam mustache...And I used to say 'Hey, got latte?' And she'd say, that's not funny.She totally got me. She understood that we didn't have to laugh to enjoy ---I'm already starting to forget what color eyes she had. I can't, OK, I'm gonna call her. I am gonna call and find out...I'm just gonna call her.Nothing he's doing is cheering me up.Oh, sure you would. Look at you, I bet you break up with a guy every hour. [Cindy laughs and walks away]You're right. That's good.I don't know. No one can hear me. You know what? Start the party.Ahh, damn this chicken is good. My compliments to the chef. [points to chef] Which is you! Right? Hahahaha. Awesome! I need some meat. I want some steak. [leans over to neighboring man's plate] I see steak.Excuse me [tries to take away meat with chopsticks] Ah, un guard. [Fights with chopsticks and laughs] Family style.I don't think... I love it![laughing] I don't know what he's doing.You know what we should do?We should invite them to the Christmas party.Oh, you are such mench my friend. [They stand up and do fist bump and explosion]OK, where is everybody? I would like them to meet my new girlfriend. [Guys walk in with two different waitresses from Benihana's]The least I could do was give some poor sick kid a bike.Nah, you rock. Tell you what, if you want it, it's yours.Oh. [She whispers in his ear. Michael starts to laugh] That's what she said.Hello? I would like everybody to meet my new girlfriend.[whispers] The giant baby. Wow, I am so sorry, I had no idea this party would be so lame.Oh, party in the break room! Let's go, let's go! Thank God! Let's go to the break room.Shhh... Shut it! C'mon! Party.We're going to ...I just think there are two, two specific kinds of people in the world. People who own houses and people who own condos. [turns to reach for pretzel while Second Cindy turns other direction] And... my question to you [points and pulls away other waitress] is do you agree?Do you agree about what? [laughs] Wow. You're  lucky you're so darn cute.What're you talking about?When you know, you just know.Check her out. My little gal over there. Babe-alectable.It's... it's one of those two. [points at both]Yeah... well, it's been hard, they're wearing the exact same uniform. And I've been drinking. And you know how all waitresses look alike.I honestly don't see what the big deal is. Stevie Wonder is married. Are you going to tell me that Stevie Wonder doesn't love his wife just because he's not sure what she looks like?Hey. Where's my girl? Is she in the fridge? Where is she hiding? I don't know where she is. 'Cause I'm drunk, I can't even find her.Haha, I do! I just haven't hugged you in awhile [marks Cindy's arm with a black marker]Oh, good. That felt good. Let's go. Party.Hey, hey, you. How are ya?No, no, no. Hey, you should stay because we are having fun and...Where do you wanna go?I... you know what? I, OK, listen. I like you. I really like you. So much in fact, that I would like you to accompany me on a trip to Sandals, Jamaica.You want help? OK... Merry Christmas.That waitress was the one.How can you be sure?Don't make fun... You're making fun of me.I guess, I didn't know her very well. I marked her arm.I, I put a mark on her arm. [Both are laughing] So I could tell them apart. I don't... I know, I know. I can't believe I gave her my bike!Oh, why do I feel like crap?I had rebound? Yeah.I totally rebounded. Someone else shoots and I take the ball and I score. Well, I guess I didn't score and I'm not sure who's actually shooting, but, whatever. Doesn't matter. It's all good. Or as my ex might say. Domo arigato, Mr. Scott-o.[on phone] Yes, I just wanted to see if, uh you would like to come to Jamaica with me. There's this resort called Sandals. Really? OK. All right. I promise you won't be disappointed. Umm, It's all-inclusive...William Randolph Shakespeare once wrote in one of his plays, and I'm paraphrasing here, 'Love doth be poison.' Brilliant. And a lot of people don't give Shakespeare enough credit. They think it was somebody else. A-holes.No, no, no, no. You know what, I better hold off. I wanna make sure I don't dial Carol before I get drunk.Yeah. You know what? I am. I'm gonna call her. That's a good idea.[on [phone] No, I don't think I'm asking too much. I think it's only fair that you tell me exactly what I did wrong. Okay. Uh huh. Well that... yeah. Uh huh. All right. Well, could you tell me something that I didOh, honey, here's Stanley.He is also in an interracial relationship, so, you know, if you have any problems, you can always call him.Sounds good. Okay, let's go.Hey, mon!Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Relax.Just relax, OK? I'll get to all of it later.Aren't you going to ask me how Jamaica was? Say it. Ask me.It wasStanley. You know what? It is really good to see you, too.OK, well payroll is in charge of all that.Well, I am just getting settled in. So, I'm gonna...You are not as much fun as your Jamaican brothers... mon.Feelin' hot, hot, hot! [playing conch shell] Feelin' hot, hot, hot! Feelin' hot, hot, hot! Feelin' hot, hot, hot! That's all I know so far, but I'm gonna keep practicing.You know, I had never been out of the country before now?Got to see how Jamaicans live. It is great, you know. They just relax, they party all the time.Yeah... Gosh. Great. You know what, Pam? Make a note. I want us all to start having pina coladas every day at three.Inventory's at the end of December.I specifically went on vacation so I would miss it.Inventory is boring. In the islands, they don't make you do stuff like take inventory. Why do you think so many businesses move to the Caymans?Tonight, we are going to have an inventory luau. I want to bring back a little slice of paradise to the Dunder Mifflin warehouse inventory. So, Party Planning Committee, get on it.The Jamaicans don't have a word for 'impossible.'How hard is a luau? All you need are some grass skirts, pineapple, poi, tiki torches, suckling pig, some fire dancers. That's all you need.Come on in. Settle in. Settling. Settling... and settled. Good, there is something I would like to show everybody. See this sign? [points to a TV monitor of a picture from Jamaica and reads] 'No Shirt, No Shoes, No Problem.' This is an attitude I would like all of you to have right here. So what, if we have to stay late to do inventory? No problem.No, no, no. No, that's a German woman named Urkel Grue.Jan told me to play it cool and not tell anybody because it can get us both in trouble. So officially, I did not see her. But I did see Jan there. In our room. At night. And in the morning. That's all I'm gonna say. Sex. We had sex. I had sex with her. I had sex with Jan.[on phone] Hey dude. I just got back from Jamaica.Yeah, that sounds amazing. You know what? The lady Jan Levinson wanted to go to Montego Bay.Well I'm looking at a photo, right now. And I'm telling 'ya, could be in Maxim.Oh no?OK. Well, check this out. I am sending you some email. You got it?Check it again. Hit refresh.OK, wait a second. I sent it to you at... [reading computer screen] Packer@DunderMifflin.com.Darryl?! Hey. Hi. Where's Darryl?OK, Hey, man, how's it going?That's great, OK. Um, so did you get an email from me?OK. Well, that was supposed to go to Packer, not 'packaging.' Did you already, um, forward to a whole bunch of people?OK. Um, well, did you get the second email that I sent? Explaining that the first email was a mistake and that you should delete it.And you sent that out to everyone?I have a special assignment for you.A sensitive email has been released to the office. It contains a file, a picture. The file name is 'Jamaican Jan Sun Princess.'Not important.OK, forget it.Not now, not ever.Aww, none of your business.That photo is my personal property and if you are telling me you went on my computer and stole that photo, then I am going to call the cops.This is probably the icebreaker you need.I bet you would love all the details, wouldn't you? Skeevy little perv.No, no, no. I am not dating Jan. She was very clear about that. Just two like souls having a romantic time in the most romantic place on earth. Got enough, weirdo?OK.Oh, God, no. No, no! Hang up! Hang up! Tell her I'm not here. Tell... tell her, I ran out for cash. I hit a deer. I hit a deer with my car. Tell her I hit a cat. Tell her I hit a cat.She bought it? [Pam nods] OK. OK.There an accident? Somebody hurt?Oh. God. No, no, no, no, no.All right. [continued clapping and cheering for Michael]Hello. Hi. Attention everyone. Um, apparently, there is an email circulating around that contains a very PG-13 rating picture of me and a woman---No, Kevin. A woman. Maybe Jan, maybe...My point is that, if you get it, I would ask that you just delete it. Sight unseen. Let's be professional, all right?Feelin'... feelin' hot, hot, hot! [plays conch shell]Hey.Island living. You know?Did she say what it's about?There are copies in the bathroom?All right.Guh.OK, yup.I...I... I... Yes.OK, yeah.Who is Dr. Perry? I...And I, to you, in addition, feel the same feelings that you are as well.So, umm... thanks for coming by. So, I, uh...Well thanks for coming over, I appreciate - [Jan leans over and kisses Michael passionately]Jan, you... complete... me.I just had the best, most romantic week of my life in Sandals, Jamaica. Went with a lady, and we laid on the beach and drank fruity drinks for free, because it was all-inclusive. And then I flew back to Scranton, and then they lost one of my bags.Hey, Mister tally man, tally me banana, six hand, seven hand, eight hand, BRUNCH! [snickers] So delicious. Dinner, too. And every morning I would watch the sunrise and I would eat a mango. That is how I want to feel all the time. It's called island living. You know, how they say take a chill pill? In Jamaica, I took one. Guy on the beach sold it to me for $40. And after I finished vomiting, I was more relaxed than I ever have been. Lost six pounds, too. That's how I want every day to be.Yeah, mon. Me just got back to the office.Me had an i-rey time.Dwight, please, please.I just got back from vacation, mon, all right? So chill. Let's don't... Don't harsh my mellow, mon.Presents. I got presents for everybody. Dwight, a genuine Rastafarian wig.Andy, I got you a genuine Jamaican T-shirt. They love Milli Vanilli down there.You are so welcome, mon. Angela, you just got leied. [puts lei on Angela]Yes, you did. Okay. Oh, Pam, I forgot to get you something.I'm just kidding. Coconuts for your coconuts![laughs] Try it on.Go ahead. Let me know if I miscalculated the size. I don't think I did.Stanley, I got you some ganja. I'm just kidding. It's coffee. I bet you wish it was ganja.I just got back from vacay. Come on. Give me a break, man. [holds up CD] Waves over Jamaica, $6.99.Okay, let me tell you a little story. When I was on vacation, I met a man named Bavon. And Bavon takes people parasailing. And you know what he said to me? He said that he loves going to work every day. How many of you can say that you love going to work every day like Bavon? [Dwight and Andy raises hand] No one.His name is Bavon. And you know what? I'm sure Bavon gets sick of his job, too. I'm sure he would like to take a day off. I'm sure he would like to spend a vacation selling paper, but he has the right attitude. And that is something that you learn when you go to Jamaica, and you really apply yourself.I would love to take them all to Jamaica, but is that good management? Yes. But is it the best management? Well, I can't afford it, and corporate won't pay for it. So who's the real criminal?How many of you know the meaning of the Jamaican term, Hakuna Matata?I...Oh, that's red eye.Well...Hey, can we just focus?Okay. Well, Jan's email password is not Dunder Mifflin, Sandals, Jamaica, Michael, Michael Scott, Jan Scott, or Mrs. Jan Scott.Her passwords aren't going to be Dwight, Dwight. That's stupid. Okay.Don't you have some sort of chaser or gobbler thing that you can send out that's able to eat up that other emails? I read about something like that. Well, I am in America and I am online, so I do think it involves you. Uh-huh. And if I were a subscriber, would then you be able to send out the gobbler? I'd... Yes, I will hold.[Kelly singing] Hey! Hey! Stop your mouth, please.Hey, Stanley, in case I don't see you again after tonight, here is your bonus, $1,000 cash. Keep the change. [hands Stanley a piece of Jamaican currency]It is Jamaican. The exchange rate is 65-to-1. I don't remember in which direction.Yes, good luck with that.Jim, could you come in here please?Sorry, oh wow, that's so rude. I'm sorry, I can't control him.You know what? Get Pam.Pam.Oh, that is gross.Damn it.Dwight, care to join us, finally? Thank you.Yes. Ok, here is the dream team. My sales dream team. Today we are going to team up for sales calls. Andy, since this was your idea, you get to pick first.Oh.Well, I appreciate that. That is very gracious of you.Well, thank you sir. Ok, now going by seniority. Phyllis, our resident senior.Good. Next up, Superfly himself, Stanley.You can't pass. You've got to pick somebody.So that just leaves Dwight and Jim.Dwight?Here ya go. [throws laundry]Please.Long story. All right everybody, circle up. Here we go. You know what this is? This is the 'Amazing Race.' [To Ryan and Stanley] And you guys are the retired marines. [To Phyllis and Karen] And you guys are the mother and daughter. [To Dwight and Jim] And you guys are the gay couple. And we are the firefighter heroes. Are we ready to go?No, we're just going to rush out, do the sales thing, and come back.Just bragging rights.It's just... brrrrrr... It's 'Amazing Race,' Phyllis. Okay? We're in teams of two and we are on a mission. All right, so, on your mark, get set, go. Let's do it.Whoah, whoah. Oh hahahaha. Vamanos!Here we go.Ugh... that is a long story. Um, couple of months ago, Dwight tried to go behind my back with Jan and get my job and I am now having him do my laundry as punishment.Hawkman.[Walks out of the Ladies' Restroom] Let's go. The men's room was disgusting.Hey, did you catch that up at Lake Wallenpaupack?You know, I used to go up there all the time with my step-dad, and I never caught anything that big.You know what? Let's get right down to it. Dunder-Mifflin may be just two rooms and a warehouse, but what we lack in flash, we will make up for with hardwork and decency.I think what Andy is trying to express is that while we have the resources of a large company, we will give you the care and attention of a small company.No.Stop it. [Puts his hand on Andy's shoulder] Stop it.Yes.Ah, no. Don't worry about it.What?I don't know. Who knows how words are formed.